Volume 4

Chapter 314: That Is My Wife

Chapter 314: That Is My Wife

Translator: BeetleBarker  Editor: Tennesh

Fang Zhao did not follow the father and son pair. The hall they were going to had a soothing musical style, whereas the place Fang Zhao was headed to had a different musical style.

When actors from the cast came over, they would pick a style or genre of music that suited their preferences. If they wished to relax, they would head to the soothing music hall. If they wished to gain inspiration or find their form, they could choose to head to other venues.

The majority of people in the music center were from the music circles, and in this place that was isolated from the external world, the rules within the circles were even more obvious.

A few young singers who had been popular online back in the past were very content here.

It had nothing to do with being suppressed or crowded out.

Separated from the internet and public opinion and away from the fans, in these circles, how high one stood and how many artistic achievements one had were clear for everyone to see.

Many faces that people in the outside world were unfamiliar with actually had high standing in the music circles, and some people who had once stirred up and generated buzz outside pretended to be quails when they returned to these circles.

Today, in the afternoon, five concert halls had scheduled performances. In theory, these were performances, but in actual fact, these were actually an exchange between individuals or teams. After Fang Zhao looked through the list, he chose a venue.

Stepping into the venue, Fang Zhao heard a person shouting to him from a short distance away. "Fang Zhao? Come over, there are seats here."

The person who had spoken was Qiao Tingzheng, a veteran actor that originated from Yanzhou. However, he had not signed with any managing company and had chosen to start his own studio to develop on a global scale. Most of Qiao Tingzheng's roles were as a villain, so people called him a specialist villain.

Qian Tingzheng had a villainous face. He wasn't ugly and could be considered attractive, but he did not seem particularly upright. With his acting abilities, portraying a righteous character was possible, but when he was acting as a villain, his portrayal of a crafty and sinister character left a deep impact in people's hearts.

In the words of netizens, Qiao Tingzheng was the total opposite of his name 1  . Those roles he played... generally speaking, were not good people. Directors just loved to seek him out to portray these sorts of roles.

Because he frequently acted as a villain, he did not have as much support or as many fans compared to others, but he still had a rather high level of recognition. On a global scale, even if people did not know Qiao Tingzheng's name, they could remember his face and his temperament that was so suitable for a villain.

Qiao Tingzheng was helpless too. Who could he blame for looking like this?

In the Yanzhou chapter of "Founding Era," the character he portrayed was Zong Qian.

Anyone who had read a history book knew that Zong Qian had been ice cold and ruthless, his methods unyielding and bloody. He was a true bad guy in Yanzhou's history.

During the Period of Destruction, besides fighting against the elements, there had also been fighting amongst people.

The focus of season six of the Yanzhou chapter was fighting among people, as well as a turning point.

In Yanzhou chapter season six, Fang Zhao trampled over Zong Qian and his party to become one of the genuine core characters of this land.

Because he had been immersed in his character, actor Qiao Tingzheng seemed even colder than before. Especially when he wore an icy gaze along on his stiff face, which made people shudder as if an anaconda was staring fixedly at one's back. Little kids were especially frightened of him, and even Lu Aotian, who loved to play crazy, stayed far away from Qian Tingzheng every time.

In the show, Wu Yan had some doubts about Zong Qian. In history, as a child, Wu Yan had nearly died as a result of Zong Qian and had personally witnessed Zong Qian murdering others.

Outside of filming, Lu Aotian and Wu Yun, who portrayed Wu Yan in the series, were unable to keep their composure when they came face to face with Qiao Tingzheng. After all, they were still young and could not remain calm under that stern gaze without any hint of emotion. Among the three actors that played Wu Yan, only He Lisi could resist him.

Naturally, being able to have such a result was a testament to Qiao Tingzheng's acting chops.

Qiao Tingzheng was smiling as he greeted Fang Zhao. He had already received his bento box toward the end of the filming of season six. Now that filming for season seven was already underway, there was no need for him to be immersed in his character. However, there were still some hints that he had not completely shed his character. His gaze when he looked at other people still seemed quite cold.

Thus, when people saw Qian Tingzheng smiling, they could not help but shudder and think to themselves, How can a smile be so terrifying?

Qiao Tingzheng did not care what others thought. In the show, Fang Zhao had trampled over him to ascend, but outside of the show, Qiao Tingzheng did not give Fang Zhao any attitude. Qiao Tingzheng instead greeted Fang Zhao warmly and invited him to watch the performance together.

There were actually many actors that came over to the music center. As "Founding Era" progressed to the later stages, there were even more people receiving bento boxes. Now that they had much more free time and were unwilling to leave the cast and crew, when these people had nothing to do, they would head over to listen to performances, interact with actors from every continent, and expand their contacts.

There were many people interacting with Qiao Tingzheng, but very few were willing to sit beside him to watch a performance, so at the moment, the two seats beside him were empty.

Fang Zhao did not reject the invitation. He walked over to sit with Qiao Tingzheng.

Qiao Tingzheng was very pleased with Fang Zhao's choice to come to this music hall. "You definitely won't regret coming here. These are all amazing singers all right at the top. Perhaps they might not have much fame online, but in the music circles, these are the ones." Qiao Tingzheng stuck up a thumb. "Oh right, I heard from someone that you brought that little fella Lu Aotian along?" Qiao Tingzheng asked.

"Mhmm, I handed him over to his father already," Fang Zhao replied.

Qiao Tingzheng scoffed. "Tsk, that little fella might be young, but he has many tricks up his sleeve, and he can be very determined. Otherwise, how was that kid able to snatch the role of child Wu Yan when there were so many people who had stronger family backgrounds and more awards? Perhaps one other reason is that he was determined to adjust himself, to be exactly like the role he would be portraying, ultimately causing the director and the Committee of 100 to select him."

Fang Zhao nodded. "How can he stand out if he doesn't strive his hardest?"

Noticing that Fang Zhao was not surprised, Qiao Tingzheng laughed. "Seems like I was overthinking." He had been worried that Fang Zhao would be deceived by Lu Aotian's innocent appearance. He had never expected Fang Zhao to have seen through it all along.

After a bit, Qiao Tingzheng suddenly asked, "I heard that many actors from Yanzhou have sought you out to discuss their roles? I also heard from my friend that you are a member of Yanzhou's historical consultant team and have a profound understanding of Yanzhou's history."

"I do know a little, but I don't think it can be considered that profound." Fang Zhao waited for what was to follow.

"Then, what sort of person do you think Zong Qian was?" Qiao Tingzheng asked.

Zong Qian had risen to prominence before fading during the Period of Destruction. For an ordinary person, he had become resplendent before perishing. In the long history, he had blossomed for a short period yet brought about countless shocks.

Zong Qian had once had the conviction of the people of Yanzhou, had numerous fanatical followers, and been in a position of power. During that period of despair, he had led survivors from that corner of the continent out of hell, yet because of his stubbornness, he'd led his people into another abyss.

There were no people from that period that had been soft. Leaders had had even more methods at their disposal, but Fang Zhao had never been as extreme as Zong Qian.

"Zong Qian was..." Fang Zhao was staring out into nothing in particular, yet he seemed like he was focusing on something in the nothingness. "He was a savior who walked the wrong path."

Qiao Tingzhen heard what Fang Zhao said and appeared astonished before looking down and falling into a short silence. Following that, he laughed heartily, a bright blaze in his eyes. "Exactly!"

The character's personality was made up. Outside of filming, a person would naturally be willing to put himself in the shoes of the character he played so as to reflect on it.

Qiao Tingzheng was the same.

A person immersed deeply in their character would have a sort of sentiment that nobody else could understand. Although Zong Qian was definitely a villain in Yanzhou historical books and received a lot of hate, when Qiao Tingzhen was playing the role and was immersed in the character, he seemed to have experienced the glories and downfalls of Zong Qian's life.

Qiao Tingzhen sighed softly. "A savior, ah..."

He had asked many people about their views on the historical character Zong Qian. However, either the villain label was slapped on right away or people spoke nonsense on account of his seniority in the showbiz circles. Zong Qian had never been allowed into the Cemetery of Martyrs and was criticized by future generations. In the eyes of people now, he was indeed a failure.

Fang Zhao's evaluation was the first time Qiao Tingzhen had heard someone speak of Zong Qian this way, and they were also the most satisfying words he had heard.

He had never expected this line to come from Fang Zhao. In the series, the two characters they portrayed were two opposing factions from the start till end.

Afterward, Qiao Tingzhen did not make any sounds. The performance was about to start, and the voices of people in the venue gradually faded away.

The opening performance was a globally renowned female singer, Wensha. The song she would be performing was the closing theme of season six of the Yanzhou chapter. Season six was also close to broadcasting, and the theme that had been recently decided on was the one Wensha would be singing.

Undertones of a symphony epic were blended with a popular music style. Singing it well was a tough ask, but Wensha was a senior in the music circles and could sing many styles, such as classical, pop, rock 'n' roll, and opera, and she sang them very well indeed. From this song performance, one could recognize Wensha's skillful singing abilities.

Music was something mystical. People could find peace through music, and they gain strength through it too.

The music had some strange charm and sorrow to it, yet it did not lack depth and was quite vast.

Even though there were no corpses and there was no smoke, one could seemingly smell blood in the wind.

It was as if with the gathering of night, evil bloomed like flowers, brilliant and beautiful, numerous and vigorous, before ultimately withering away.

This song suited the darker theme of season six rather well. As Fang Zhao listened to it, he felt as if this song had been written for Zong Qian.

The moment the song ended, the venue erupted into applause.

Qiao Tingzhen, who was seated beside Fang Zhao, was especially excited and sprang up from his seat. Any coldness or sinister traits from his villainous aura vanished completely. It was as if his IQ had plummeted to zero as he giggled like a kid, slapping his palms together as if he wasn't afraid of pain. He appeared very pleased, and he tilted his head toward Fang Zhao and exclaimed loudly, "The one who just sang the song, Wensha! A singing goddess! My wife!"

Fang Zhao: "..."

"Did you know, the closing theme for season six of the 'Founding Era' Yanzhou chapter was written by my wife herself? Impressive, right?"

Fang Zhao: "..."

Qian Tingzhen continued to clap vigorously. "My wife specifically composed it for the role I played. It is also a commemoration for my curtain call!"

Fang Zhao: "..."

As if he had suddenly remembered something, Qiao Tingzheng said, "I nearly forgot, you don't have a wife, so you wouldn't understand how I feel!"

Fang Zhao: "..."

That pricked his heart.

Qiao Tingzheng continued, "Oh, right, the one you are portraying also seemed to be all alone till he perished in battle."

Fang Zhao: "..."

That pricked his heart really ruthlessly.