Volume 4

Chapter 328: Where Did You Get This Self-Confidence

Chapter 328: Where Did You Get This Self-Confidence

Translator: BeetleBarker  Editor: Tennesh

Music is something magical. It can resonate without the use of language.

Whether people paid attention to this ending accompaniment tune or not, at the end of this episode, they might have been thinking about many different things, but the original feelings they'd had toward this historical figure Fang Zhao—of sympathy, regret, and the like—and had been reduced by a lot.

With this, inevitably, there would be people continuing to discuss conspiracy theories and feeling that because of the interference of certain parties with power, this Fang Zhao had met with this sort of ending. Although the character's portrayal was profound, it did not have that tragic hero sentiment that everyone had come to expect. There is surely some conspiracy here! All this political whatnot is just shady!

Of course, they were even more people that were only chasing the series. Regardless of how the series was shot, they just lapped it up, and at the same time, it changed their view toward the historical figure Fang Zhao.

Shortly after the airing of "Founding Era" season nine, season 10 would be broadcast. Up till now, all nine seasons that had been broadcast had been very high quality.

Even if there were disputes in the plot, it could not be denied that "Founding Era" was a series with awesome film and soundtrack.

Forgetting about other stuff, just this lineup, this amount of resources, this historical significance... Even if it was remade in the future, could it replace the current one?

Many reviewers and critics had already said that in the coming 50 or even 100 years, there was no way of surpassing it!

Actors that had been unable to get into the cast were regretting immeasurably and could only console themselves by saying that there would be opportunities in future. But rationally, they also knew that even if there were any future historical dramas set during this period, it would be far from ever competing with the impact of "Founding Era."

With the ending of season nine and the death of this important character Fang Zhao, Fang Zhao once again became a highly searched topic.

When everyone discussed Fang Zhao, they inevitably mentioned the Fang Zhao that portrayed this role.

"It is really pleasant to watch these strong actors perform and portray that thick historical feel. This sort of epic series is really testing their acting skills. I heard that many actors were unable to get out of character for a duration after their scenes were finished. I wonder if Fang Zhao was able to shed his character after portraying all of Old Fang's scenes. Recently, we haven't heard any news of him."

"Enthusiastic fans from Yanbei have revealed that Fang Zhao was spotted at the retirement facility."

"He probably hasn't shed his character."

"It seems that you all have forgotten that this Fang Zhao is only 20-something! Even younger than me! Generally, for these sorts of young actors, the better they act, the harder it is for them to shed their character, so much so that it might possibly leave behind a mental shadow. There are many actors that were impacted by films for the rest of their lives. It's really tough for this little fella!"

"Yeah, Fang Zhao isn't even 30 yet! And he is a complete newcomer! Still, remember that it was Roman's recommendations when they were selecting the actors? Roman's foresight is really good."

"It was Roman's recommendation and ultimately the voting of the Committee of 100. However, Roman was the chief driving force."

It was inevitable that there were people who were sour.

"Fang Zhao was just lucky, that's all."

"I have analyzed it. Fang Zhao was actually just displaying his inherent qualities. If he was changed for anyone who had the same characteristics, that person would have been able to produce the same result."

Fans weren't happy.

"There was something I didn't know whether or not to say, so I went to check the verification information of the two above me, and it turns out they are also actors? That's great, then; I have to say it now: if you can do it, go ahead, but if you can't, stop complaining, pussies!"

"I always used to think that the person portraying Fang Zhao was a veteran actor, but now it seems like even if he acts out his inherent qualities, even though they do have some advantages, looking at Fang Zhao's age and his performance, it really isn't something that just anybody could do. Roman, those world-renowned directors, and the old artists from the Committee of 100 aren't blind either!"

"In the series, I can't find any faults with the speech, actions, or expressions! You have done amazing, my Zhao god!"

As this bunch was chatting, the official account of the "Founding Era" Yanzhou chapter posted a new status on their social platform: "Season nine end-season credits accompaniment piece 'This Life Of Mine.' Composer: Fang Zhao. Arranger: Fang Zhao... [Link]."

During postproduction for season nine, due to the effect of them sharing the same name, Fang Zhao's composer information had not been displayed in the end credits of that episode. However, the official site had very quickly released the composer, arranger, recorder, orchestra, and other information as well as a link with a sample of the piece.

"F*cking awesome! This is self-composed, self-arranged, and self-acted!"

"I nearly would have forgotten if this was not said. He is a graduate of a music academy. What more can I f*cking say? He doesn't want to be a film emperor or an e-sports god because he is a great composer?"

"I just want to ask, are all people with this name really impressive? I have been pondering what to name my newborn kid."

"Cough, I have the exact same name as Old Fang and Zhao god. I just failed my recent month-end tests."

...

Netizens had their own fun, but when it came to people in the music circles, their impression was different.

"The standard of this piece is really high, and it blends well with the scenes being shown, there is a possibility of it achieving an award. Are youngsters nowadays so impressive? Which school did he graduate from?"

"He probably had a teacher to guide him. I can't deny that the standard of this piece is rather high, but this isn't something a youngster like Fang Zhao could have composed!"

"That is what I think too. Fang Zhao definitely has talent in this area, but the possibility of him composing it on his own isn't high. Let's not talk about how difficult it is to master this sort of unhurried and slow piece that carries a thick epic character; without sufficient experience and sufficient realization, without sufficient accumulated wisdom, how could a mere youngster with a few decades of experience compose this!?"

"Perhaps he was too immersed in his character? Wasn't it said that Fang Zhao acted very well? However, if he really composed this tune on his own, then all I can say is that Fang Zhao is just a genius among geniuses."

"Acting and composing are different. It isn't something that can be explained with talent. I am still inclined to believe that he had some help behind the scenes."

"If it is not Xue Jing, then it is Mo Lang. The probability of Mo Lang is even higher. After all, Xue Jing did not go to planet Wai. Furthermore, many people know that Fang Zhao grew close to Mo Lang during their time on planet Wai. Old Master Mo even frequently gave stuff to Fang Zhao. It seems like they have a good relationship."

"Didn't Venerable Mo say he wasn't accepting students? The old master's last disciple is already over 50 now."

Doubts were just doubts, but who dared to actually ask Mo Lang? However, in everyone's hearts, they believed that it was Mo Lang that had given Fang Zhao guidance.

There were many works from youngsters that were said to be self-compositions but that had actually had the assistance of a team or an impressive guiding teacher.

"Fang Zhao only submitted one song in 'Founding Era'?"

"With his status as a composer, only one tune. However, I heard my teacher say that Fang Zhao helped in the arrangement of the penultimate tune for season 10."

"Season 10's penultimate tune? That project that's more than 10 minutes long? The tune that Old Master Mo personally crafted?"

"Yes. According to inside information, under the arrangement section, Old Master Mo personally added Fang Zhao's name."

"All right, say no more. He surely had Old Master Mo's help."

That was the verdict a bunch of composing masters came to.

Regardless of what these academic masters guessed, Great-Grandfather Fang firmly believed that Fang Zhao had composed it all by himself. From what he saw, there was nothing his own little grandson could not do.

Great-Grandfather Fang smiled till his eyes could not be seen. "My family's little Zhao is just a genius!'

The next morning.

Great-Grandfather Fang and Great-Grandmother Fang prepared breakfast early in the morning.

When it was only the two of them, they normally had the retirement facility's dining hall send over some porridge or prepare a simple breakfast for themselves. However, as Fang Zhao had come over, the two old Fangs personally cooked; Fang Zhao could not stop them.

Early in the morning, they made a huge pot of rice and five to six dishes.

The dishes were all vegetables the two old Fangs had grown on their land and some other vegetables and meat that Fang Zhao had gotten his farm in Muzhou to send over.

One bowl, two bowls... Fang Zhao had five huge bowls of rice in succession. The huge pot of rice and dishes on the table were basically finished.

Great-Grandmother Fang smiled kindly, not finding anything wrong with this scene.

On the other hand, Great-Grandfather Fang's heart seemed to ache. He thought to himself, My child Fang Zhao has indeed suffered. Filming and composing, physical and mental effort, how could he not be exhausted! Fang Zhao probably often went hungry and didn't even have proper meals. Mhm, add in an extra scoop of rice for today's lunch.

Actually, Fang Zhao had not intended to eat so much here. Indeed, he was able to eat a lot here, but the two older Fang were advanced in aged and preparing food wasn't an easy task. Preparing such a large table full of dishes was even more difficult. Even if most of the kitchen tools were automated, Fang Zhao didn't want to tire out the two elders. However, he was unable to stop them. The two old Fangs were full of vigor, so Fang Zhao could only stand to the side and help out a little. If he ate less, the two elders might feel that their cooking skill had dropped, which might hurt them.

Although Fang Zhao ate a lot, he ate quickly. When the two elders had finished their meal, Fang Zhao had also finished his fifth bowl. He stopped Great-Grandmother Fang from filling his sixth bowl and helped tidy up the table.

Great-Grandfather Fang patted his sleeves and stood up. "Cough, Little Zhao, let's go for a stroll. We have to digest our food after having breakfast."

Fang Zhao was just about to reply when he was interrupted by his communications device. It was a call from his company.

Great-Grandmother Fang let Fang Zhao head into the room to answer the call, then waved her old husband off. "You go alone, Little Zhao is busy."

"All right." Great-Grandfather Fang sounded unreluctant, but he didn't want to interfere with Fang Zhao's official matters.

Great-Grandfather Fang pulled a long face as he walked out, but in no time, his face glowed again as he hastened his steps to catch up with a few other old folks who were out strolling too.

"Hey, Old Lin, did you watch 'Founding Era' yesterday? My Little Zhao acted really well! How many people online are praising my family's little Zhao for being a genius? Seeing them mentioning the old commander and calling him 'Old Fang' makes me feel warm, but it feels a little embarrassing. I think you guys should stop calling me Old Fang in the future. How about we change the way of addressing me?"

The face of the old veteran that had been called became rigid. "Where did you get all this drama from?"

"My family's Little Zhao acted in this series! It's a pity he only acted till season nine... Oh right, the final ending theme for season nine is different from the other episodes. The accompaniment was composed by my family's Little Zhao all by himself! What is this called again, self-composed, self-arranged, and self-acted! It's not that I'm bragging, but not many people in the entire world can do it, and those that can do it cannot compare with the standard of my family's Little Zhao!"

The other few old veterans: "..." How are we going to continue living!?

After his routine bragging, Great-Grandfather Fang returned in high spirits and was even humming a tune. When he stepped inside, he saw his old wife packing up some stuff.

"What's going on?" Great-Grandfather Fang asked.

"Little Zhao says his company has some matters. He has to return to Qi'an City tomorrow. I'm helping him pack up these things."

A bolt from the blue!

Great-Grandfather Fang's fluttering mood came crashing down.

Great-Grandfather Fang immediately asked, "What? Wasn't he going to stay for a period of time? Why is there such a rush to return?"

At this moment, Fang Zhao stepped into the room and explained, "The company has arranged for me to have an interview. It was a sudden decision."

"Live or recorded?" Great-Grandfather Fang asked.

"Live."

"Then that's fine. Which program is it? I want to set a notification first."

After clarifying all this, Great-Grandfather Fang proficiently set up three important reminders, then continued to ask, "Little Zhao, are you going to continue acting after you return this time? I see many reports online that there are lots of people who want to approach you to act, and these are absolutely lead roles."

"No, I intend to further my studies," Fang Zhao replied.

"Advanced studies? Where will you go to do that?"

"Huangzhou Institute of Art or Huangzhou Music Academy to undertake advanced courses. However, I still have to take an exam."

According to Silver Wing's intentions, now Fang Zhao had works that he could bring out as well as a certain influence. With a little support from the company behind him, as long as his exam results weren't too shabby, entering the advanced courses for these two institutions would be no issue. The only problem was that the examinations for both institutions were on the same day, so there was no way he could attend both at the same time. The company would like Fang Zhao to consider first and quickly make a decision so that the company could make preparations beforehand.

Great-Grandfather Fang did not understand much about this. After reading up, he found out that in terms of music, Huangzhou Institute of Art and Huangzhou Music Academy were the two top-rated institutions in the world and had much higher rankings than the Qi'an Academy of Music that Fang Zhao had graduated from. These two were really the best schools.

Great-Grandfather Fang had confidence in Fang Zhao. "You can surely do it!"

Fang Zhao had yet another call, so Great-Grandfather Fang did not disturb him. Going one round, he realized there was nothing much left to pack up, so he ran to the vegetable field.

There were professionals in charge of the vegetable fields and they would help out with the manual labor. Great-Grandfather Fang got them to pick all that could be eaten and got them to seal and pack the vegetables.

When others saw this, they asked, "Old Man Fang, you already picked quite a lot yesterday, so what are you picking so much today for? You aren't having them anymore?"

"Not having anymore! I'm sending everything with my family's Little Zhao!"

The few old veterans nearby that were taking care of their crops under the guidance of the agriculture specialists immediately looked up and asked, "Your family's Little Zhao is leaving?" There seemed to be some ecstasy in their expressions that could not be covered up fast enough.

"That's right." Great-Grandfather Fang's attention was on these vegetables, so he didn't notice the other's reactions.

"Then what about the vegetables you picked yesterday?" someone asked.

"They have all been eaten! He's a youngster. Being able to eat is a blessing."

"Doesn't your family's Little Zhao have a farm in Muzhou? He doesn't lack these things. Vegetables produced on Muzhou farms taste much better than the vegetables you grow here!" someone added.

"How is that the same?" In any case, Great-Grandfather Fang felt that the vegetables he had grown himself were the best. "My family's Little Zhao still wants to go to Huangzhou to pursue his studies. Composing is also very tough, so I have to send him more of these."

The others were curious. "Eh? Isn't your family's Little Zhao an actor?"

Great-Grandfather Fang looked somewhat pleased. "That was him moonlighting. Do you know what moonlighting is? His original occupation is composing. After that, he still wants to moonlight and further his studies."

"Further studies? This I know. My son is in the Ministry of Education, so I have heard about this before. Has your family's Little Zhao found a school yet? In recent years, music and art institutions have been very stringent when it comes to this. The higher the ranking, the more difficult it is to get into advanced courses. Especially the top two ranked ones in the world."

Great-Grandfather Fang had a solemn expression on his face. "He hasn't decided yet and is still considering his specialization. Let me say, Huangzhou Music Academy is okay. Huangzhou Institute of Art is all right too."

The others: "..." Where did you get this self-confidence to say this?