Volume 4

Chapter 341: Can I Touch?

Chapter 341: Can I Touch?

Translator: BeetleBarker  Editor: Tennesh

With close to 10 million viewers worldwide spectating, Nanfeng proceeded to beat the guy up.

The other party was caught off guard and was entirely stupefied.

Nanfeng knew how to use his own advantages and the most effective ways to bring someone down. In any case, he had once served the military on the rough and remote planet Baiji. He was someone that had wielded guns and fought beasts. He had a wealth of actual combat experience. However, his experience running minor roles and being a stuntman in Huangcheng had led to him learning how to dazzle with fancy moves.

Thus, although Nanfeng's actions seemed garish and a tad superfluous, but they were nice to watch and could shock industry outsiders, such as those online audiences.

Although though Fang Zhao could see that those attacks of Nanfeng's were slightly superfluous, to others, Nanfeng's movements were too quick. They simply wouldn't be able to react. The burly fella had already been pinned to the ground and his dagger forcibly seized.

The pretty blonde in red behind ran up anxiously and tugged at Nanfeng.

"Stop beating him, stop beating him! Misunderstanding! It's really a misunderstanding! We are just doing a program! Look, there are drones following us."

The blonde in red pointed at a few miniature drones that looked like houseflies following them in the air.

Following that, other crew from the livestream team hurried over. They hadn't expected the first pair of pedestrians on the planned route to take action either.

When the program host had seen the other party's skill through the video feed, he knew that this wasn't someone to trifle with. Thus, he had immediately left the TV broadcast van and run over, worried that something might go wrong if they were a step too late. It was best to clear up this sort of misunderstanding as soon as possible.

Unlike the program crew's panic, online audiences were overjoyed. The comments section was filled with strings of "Hahahaha."

"See, haven't they encountered a strong person?"

"I know where it is just from the backdrop. Only Huangcheng's black streets have these sorts of lights. I just don't know which street it is."

"People from the black streets are more unreasonable, and there are quite a lot of experts. Indeed Huangcheng deserves its reputation. Even an unremarkable person can settle this so cleanly."

"They should have prepared to get beaten when producing this week's episode. There are still people that will uphold justice and aid others. See, didn't they just get beaten by a pedestrian?"

The host rushed to the scene and saw the blond in red supporting the burly fella. They seemed to be all right, so he heaved a sigh of relief before intending to explain what was going on to these two pedestrians. But when he saw that person in the hoodie and baseball cap, he stood there blankly and even forgot what he had wanted to say.

The host could suppress his astonishment, but the other crew members of the program weren't able to hold their words.

"Fang Zhao?!" someone exclaimed in astonishment.

This place wasn't too far away from HuangArt. Because there were crewmembers that were HuangArt graduates, they paid attention to news about their alma mater. They had previously seen quite a bit of news about Fang Zhao being admitted to Twelve Tones and had privately discussed this person. The host had even had plans to invite Fang Zhao to show his face on an episode of this program. However, since people that entered Twelve Tones rarely had any interaction with outside entertainment programs, the host had given up the idea. He had not expected to run into Fang Zhao here.

Other crew members that hadn't noticed looked over when they heard "Fang Zhao."

Nanfeng immediately stood in front of Fang Zhao. However, he was much shorter than Fang Zhao and couldn't even obstruct Fang Zhao's chin.

Netizens watching the livestream who had just been commenting "Hahahaha" suddenly heard "Fang Zhao," and many of them were astonished as well.

"Fang Zhao?"

"Did I hear wrongly? Quick, tell me! Did I actually hear that person say 'Fang Zhao'?"

"Remove the censor! Why is there mosaic at this crucial point!"

"Even though we can't see that person's face, from their reactions as well as that person's figure, there is a possibility that it is Fang Zhao."

"Shouldn't the focus be on why Fang Zhao, who is furthering his studies at HuangArt, has actually appeared in Huangcheng's black streets?"

"Nonsense. Huangcheng doesn't have black streets."

"Why aren't there any? Just because lights are installed doesn't mean that you can stop calling it a black street. The characteristics are the same!"

"Previously, we heard that Fang Zhao came from a black street. Perhaps he knows some people there."

"Was the one who stepped up to help Fang Zhao's bodyguard?"

"Shouldn't it be 'younger brother' in the black streets? That's how it is on TV shows."

"Hurry, hurry, hurry! Huangzhou entertainment reporters, get to work!"

The camera view changed. It was no longer looking at Fang Zhao but at his surroundings.

This made the audience dissatisfied. In the comments section of the live broadcast, the audience urged the host to switch the camera back and remove the mosaic.

The host shot a meaningful glance to that tattooed fella. The burly bloke the size of a bear nodded his head faintly, and when the camera faced him, he shrunk back and his vicious face became somewhat wacky. What they were trying to tell audiences was that their team had principles and would not film others against their will or generate discussion just to attract everyone's attention.

After Fang Zhao saw the camera moving away, he apologized to the host that came walking over. "Sorry, my assistant was a little rough."

Nanfeng stood obediently at the side looking apologetic. "I'm really sorry, I didn't know you all were acting. When I saw that aggressive man with a knife running over, I was worried that he would hurt my boss, so I acted. But I didn't go all out, so he is fine."

The host hurriedly said, "It's all right, I can understand your reactions. Our program is a test of human nature, we wanted to see how people would react to this sort of situation. Lending a helping hand is actually a good thing, and it shows everyone a good example."

After introducing the main intention of the program, the host looked toward Fang Zhao with gratification and zeal. "I didn't expect to see you here."

The hidden meaning behind this was thus:  Aren't you undergoing further studies at HuangArt? Aren't Twelve Tones advanced course students a bunch of study freaks? How do you still have time to visit Huangcheng's black streets? Hurry up and explain yourself, you can't deceive me!

"I'm here to visit a friend," Fang Zhao answered briefly.

The host didn't believe these words. However, he put on an expression that said "Oh, so that's the case" and asked for an interview, but Fang Zhao declined.

The host didn't insist after seeing Fang Zhao's expression, but he wasn't resigned to giving up such a good opportunity to take advantage of Fang Zhao's popularity. In Huangzhou, Fang Zhao's popularity might be limited, but this live broadcast was to a global audience, people from all twelve continents.

As the subject changed, the anchor had some anticipation as he asked Fang Zhao, "Our staff accidentally shouted out your name just now, but during the process of our live broadcast, all pedestrians' faces are covered by mosaics, so the audience didn't see your face clearly. Now, there are over 10 million viewers—"

"30 million," a crew member quietly interjected. "About to reach 40 million... It has reached 40 million."

The host's heart was beating like mad. While not doing anything special, the online viewers had already reached 40 million. In the past, the highest viewership count had been only 20 million. This figure now simply made him want to shout out in joy. However, he was an experienced host and knew how to keep his appearance in check.

The host warmly tried to earn a few more brownie points with Fang Zhao and eagerly asked, "Zhao god, how about saying hello to everyone. Just a few minutes will do. We won't take up any of your time."

Fang Zhao nodded. "All right."

The host suppressed his ecstasy, which was threatening to overflow, and signaled to bring the camera over quickly as he took the brief gap to peek at the online viewership. It had already crossed the 50 million mark and was rising to the 60 million mark without any signs of slowing. Perhaps with some operations to stir up discussion, the figure might even hit 100 million!

One hundred million, that was the goal set this year. As long as they were able to achieve it just once, it would be satisfactory. Now, just half a year in, there was actually a chance!

Before the camera, Fang Zhao's expression was much gentler as he smiled and greeted the online audiences. "Good afternoon, everyone. I am Fang Zhao."

Online audiences weren't satisfied, especially those that had switched over from other channels upon hearing the news.

"Of course we know you are Fang Zhao!"

"Can't you say more?"

The live broadcast's comment section got noisy once more when they heard Fang Zhao saying, "I'm here to visit a friend as well as to appreciate the art and culture of Huangcheng's streets. I hope to benefit from this city that indeed has a strong artistic flavor. I can't stay any longer, as I still have something to do. Everyone, please continue."

Fang Zhao raised his hand to make a "bye" gesture, but new audience members that had just joined the live broadcast weren't satisfied.

"Leaving just like that?"

"Won't even say just one more line?"

"Yeah, saying one more line is fine! I haven't even taken a screenshot yet."

The host, standing to Fang Zhao's side, also urged, "Zhao god, do say a little more. Consider it ending on a good note."

To the side, Nanfeng frowned and took a step forward, intending to help Fang Zhao settle the problem at hand. He understood too well about how these hosts tried to take advantage of others' popularity. All they were concerned about was the traffic of their own program and the viewership count. As long as Fang Zhao continued to talk, they would come out with more and more excuses to get Fang Zhao to speak. They wouldn't let him leave easily. If he gave them an inch, they'd take a mile. These people were best at taking advantage of others.

If Fang Zhao didn't want to speak, he would be labeled a diva, as having an inflated ego, or other such terms regardless of whether it was true or not.

Fans of Fang Zhao were not the main focus of this live broadcast. If the commentary developed in an unfavorable direction, once it started, it would be even more troublesome.

It wasn't that Nanfeng always considered the worst but that he had seen these things happen frequently in the entertainment industry. It was best to guard against them from the beginning.

But before Nanfeng was able to act, Fang Zhao spoke. As before Fang Zhao, had a faint smile, but people who saw his smile felt a little uneasy, as though they were facing "affection" from their own grandparents. "Have you done your homework? Have you prepared for your final exams? Have you completed your month-end work summary?"

Online audiences: "..."

This person was simply venomous!

"I skipped class to watch the live broadcast. Suddenly, I feel as if I have been stabbed through my chest."

"Ah ah ah, why must you remind me that I still have to fight the god-tier boss known as the 'final exams'!"

"The image of my superior's devilish face just appeared in my head. That scared me and made me tremble even on a hot day like this."

"I quit being a fan! I want to report Fang Zhao for a personal attack. My mind and body took a beating!"

"I'm going to become an antifan! Only if he sends me one of those protective charms will I return!"

"One isn't enough! I want 10 protective charms to alleviate this stab that has pricked my heart!"

"Disperse, everyone, disperse. Do your homework, and hurry and review your exam materials. Those that have reports to write, think about your own salary."

Thus, the host watched as the livestream's viewership count, which had soared to 70 million, experienced a sharp decline thanks to that line from Fang Zhao.

The previous shining live broadcast viewership count was like a wild mare that had thrown off its rider and run off into the distance, never to return.

All the crew members of the program: "..."

Their wish for 100 million viewers, which they'd made as part of their new year plans, was no longer achievable.

A chilly feeling swept through their hearts.

The host really wanted to give his mouth a tight slap.

You and your cheap mouth!

Why did you ask Fang Zhao to add another line!

The host seemed to suck in his bitter tears as he watched Fang Zhao leave.

Nanfeng tried to stifle his laughs and only manage to gradually become serious when they reached HuangArt's campus.

"Boss, I have a confession to make"

Fang Zhao eyed him. "Speak."

Saying Fang Zhao's apparently all-knowing look, Nanfeng felt frightened deep down. Luckily he had remembered Yan Biao's repeated exhortations. Don't try to be too smart with the boss or play tricks. If you make any mistakes, admit them as soon as possible.

"Actually, I could tell that they were acting, but I don't really like these sort of programs. Boss, maybe you do not know, but in the past, there were instances were distasteful incidents that happened on these sort of programs, so I dislike them."

Nanfeng told Fang Zhao about some of the negative influence brought about by reality TV shows that he had seen.

There were some things that shouldn't be tested.

Human nature by itself was already very complex. The majority of people producing these sorts of programs thought that they would be able to grasp the overall situation while just observing from the side. They assumed an attitude of superiority to denounce others' actions for not being appropriate and led audiences to pass judgment.

Actually, Nanfeng had found these sort of programs rather meaningful at the start, but later on, when he'd experienced more, Nanfeng had become unsure whether these programs were good or bad, but he didn't like the program deliberately testing human nature and found it irksome.

After explaining his thoughts, Nanfeng scratched his head. "Actually, I only used it as a pretext to teach them a lesson and perform a little in front of you, Boss. But Boss, I'm sure you could also tell they were acting, right?"

"I knew about it before they appeared." Actually, Fang Zhao didn't like these sorts of programs either. Human nature was complex and he had seen too much of it during the Period of Destruction. Being able to see through this and control the situation to a certain extent, it seemed like Nanfeng had experienced quite a lot.

"Boss, you are really impressive! How did you know..." Nanfeng was halfway through his sentence when he remembered reading up on Fang Zhao's past deeds and the nicknames "Diting" and "Divine Ears."

"I heard it," replied Fang Zhao.

Indeed. Now Nanfeng was rejoicing for being honest.

"Boss, you are really impressive! Previously, I thought that all the talk online about your 'Divine Ears' were just adulation, but now it seems like they really are divine!"

Noticing that Fang Zhao wasn't angry, Nanfeng relaxed and continued to be a toady right up until he stepped into Fang Zhao's quarters and saw Curly Hair.

"This, this, this... Isn't this the Curly Hair with a valuation of 200 million?"

A living $200 million dog! Right in front of his eyes!

Nanfeng was so excited that he bit his knuckles to stop himself from shouting out.

Nanfeng's voice trembled slightly as he said, "Boss, can I touch him?"

Fang Zhao eyed Curly Hair and replied, "Sure. You will have to bring him out for walks in the future. You can get familiar with him first."

Nanfeng struggled to control his overflowing excitement and became nervous. "It's my first time touching a dog of this level. Should I touch him directly or do I wear a glove?"

Fang Zhao: "...Touch him directly."

Then, Fang Zhao watched as Nanfeng ran to the washroom and washed his hands three times with soap and dried them before proceeding to touch the dog. He was treating the dog like precious and fragile chinaware.

Luckily, Nanfeng remembered his responsibilities, and after touching the dog, he followed beside Fang Zhao to learn the scope of his job.

When he saw the "rabbit" in the water tank, Nanfeng's eyes lit up.

But when Nanfeng opened his mouth, Fang Zhao spoke first. "You can't touch this."

"Oh, got it! I won't touch it if Boss doesn't give approval!" Nanfeng expressed immediately.

"It is poisonous."

"Got it, Boss! I absolutely wouldn't touch it!" Nanfeng answered even more firmly.

Actually, there really wasn't a lot of things Nanfeng needed to do on normal days, so Fang Zhao didn't talk about it for too long. He drafted out a probationary contract and discussed wages and benefits, and Nanfeng signed it immediately.

"Then, Boss, I will head back today to prepare first. I'll come over tomorrow."

Having received Fang Zhao's approval, Nanfeng left. However, he didn't return home. Instead, he went over to Yan Biao's.

"Hahaha, Captain, I have seen that dog already! That is a $200 million dog. This is my first time seeing one! I even touched it! With two hands too! That fur is so soft. It's worthy of being a $200 million dog! Its canines are so white, even whiter than my own, which I tend to so carefully. As expected from a dog with a value of 200 million..."

At the side, Zuo Yu's mouth twitched. This schemer had even started kissing the dog's *ss!

Seeing Nanfeng mentioning "200 million" in every sentence, Yan Biao couldn't help but interrupt him. "Curly Hair's value cannot be measured easily by monetary value alone."

Right now, Yan Biao couldn't tell Nanfeng about Curly Hair's service and security checks in Wai military base. All he could do was remind Nanfeng that this dog's value couldn't be measured by money. There was only one dog alive in the entire world that was even more effective than the security screening machines at spaceports. Over at Muzhou, many people had ideas of poaching him, while Wai base kept having evil intentions of keeping Curly Hair for themselves. How could he be worth just 200 million? Those parties might even be willing to spend a few times that amount.

Nanfeng went blank for a second, and the excitement on his face subsided. Looking slightly ashamed, he said solemnly, "I understand now. Captain, your reprimand was correct!"

Yan Biao was even more at a loss. What do you understand? Which part of my sentence was reprimanding you? I was just stating a fact!

Nanfeng was minding his own business and reflecting. "I know that I have become snobbish already. Even when it comes to aesthetics, I can only view them from a monetary point of view. Those experiences of mine in the past few years have already become habit, but Captain, don't worry. I will take note when I'm outside and won't be a disgrace to the boss. What you said is right. Our boss is an artist, not an ordinary star in the entertainment circles. Our outlook cannot be shallow. We cannot only think about money. We need to maintain standards and be classy!"

Yan Biao: "..."

Yan Biao stared at Nanfeng in silence for a bit before nodding. "It's good that you know!"

After Nanfeng left, Yan Biao lamented that he really couldn't keep up with the thoughts of people who had left the military and spent a long time in society.