Volume 4

Chapter 357: Life on the Rebound

Chapter 357: Life on the Rebound

Translator: Min_Lee  Editor: Tennesh

Fang Zhao looked at Tan Min in silence.

Fang Zhao's glare reduced Tan Min's enthusiasm. He spoke in decreasing volume. "That's... That's... the gist of the story."

Tan Min mopped the sweat on his forehead. All he had done was outline the script. It was a basic synopsis at best, so why did he feel like he had just completed a herculean task? It had to be the pressure. If he couldn't secure the necessary investment, the story might not hit the big screen.

Fang Zhao remained silent, so Tan Min asked in a tentative tone, "I just made all this up myself. What... do you think?"

Fang Zhao fiddled with his cup and smiled. "It's OK."

Fang Zhao would have given the story higher marks if it weren't so familiar. He could tell how much effort Tan Min had put into the script based on his outline. Fang Zhao had been observing Tan Min during the extended silence to make sure that the pitch was an original story and not based on covert surveillance of himself.

It was too big of a coincidence, so Fang Zhao had to proceed cautiously. It was a good sign that Tan Min had proclaimed the story was a pure fabrication and should be treated as such. There were some things that even Denzel, the "rabbit" breeder, wasn't privy to, and Fang Zhao had no intention of divulging the information to anyone else.

Tan Min had no idea what was going on inside Fang Zhao's head. When he heard Fang Zhao's response, his anxiety and pressure vanished instantly. "Then... are you interested in investing in the project?"

Tan Min had spent a lot of time preparing for this shift in genre. He was ready to kick off shooting once the funding was in place.

"Let's hear your game plan." Fang Zhao didn't know if Tan Min's story would resonate with audiences, but if it was shot properly, he should be able to recoup his investment. The beginning of the story was too familiar, which had thrown Fang Zhao off-guard and given him a major kick. But now that he had ascertained that Tan Min wasn't lying, Fang Zhao was willing to back the project.

Tan Min's smile grew. He didn't need to hold back anymore. He pulled out a complete portfolio.

Ren Hong, who had the results of the physical in his hand, refrained from approaching when he saw that Fang Zhao and Tan Min were still deep in conversation. He sat outside instead. When Tan Min emerged, Ren Hong noticed that his cheeks were flush and his face was wrinkled from excessive smiling.

"Here's to a happy partnership!' Tan Min said as he shook hands with Fang Zhao.

To show his sincerity and because he was overwhelmed with emotion, Tan Min's handshake was quite firm. He eased his grip when he regained his composure. He was worried that Fang Zhao might take offense, but his new partner hadn't. Fang Zhao's such a nice guy! Tan Min thought to himself.

Fang Zhao noticed Ren Hong when he exited the meeting. He asked about the physical.

Ren Hong handed Fang Zhao a sheet of paper. "It's probably just a case of poor appetite due to slow acclimatization. The sea slug itself is quite healthy. All its levels are normal. I've compared all the numbers to data provided by my boss. You don't have to worry about mistakes."

There was no point in sticking around now that Fang Zhao had confirmed his sea slug was healthy.

Tan Min played tour guide, giving Fang Zhao the lowdown on local culture and custom. He was a native of the Corale Archipelago, so he knew the place better than the researchers who had relocated here. He offered up many tidbits that Ren Hong wasn't aware of.

At dawn, Tan Min took Fang Zhao to a lighthouse on the coast.

"This is a popular tourist spot. It's served as a location for quite a few movies. There actually was a lighthouse here during the Old Era, but it collapsed during the Period of Destruction. A sturdier replica was erected during the New Era as a monument. Legend has it that the ancestors of the governor of the Corale Archipelago guarded the lighthouse. Their family was also behind the replica. Over the generations, at least one member of the family is always living in the lighthouse. Visitors are welcome."

Fang Zhao glanced over as Tan Min was talking.

The tall lighthouse towered over the coast. Against the backdrop of dawn and rolling waves, it emanated a mix of gravitas and tenderness. It appeared to glow with a certain grace and magical aura.

As far as folks from the New Era were concerned, this was old-school elegance.

Retro architecture always reminded people of history. Even though these were new buildings, they didn't figure prominently in modern development. But as a symbol of the past and a local landmark, they drew a steady stream of visitors and photo-takers.

Tan Min was a regular visitor. Admiring the lighthouse reminded him of his own personal history.

"I was dealt quite a few setbacks when I first switched from scuba diving to directing. I felt my talent wasn't appreciated and that I wasn't understood. I was young back then, so I decided to find a place to sulk. I ended up holing up inside the lighthouse. The guard at the time was this interesting old fella. He dragged me outside, pointed to the sky above the sea, and told me, 'See that light over there? Even if the sun is blocked by clouds, it shines through the clouds. As long as you are talented enough, no one can stand in your way'."

The trip down memory lane led Tan Min to chuckle a few times. "How young and innocent I was back then. It was as if I had ODed on optimism. I had so much mojo. That's what got me through the career switch the next few years and how I found my footing. Only later did I find out that the old fella was one of my biggest critics. He never voted for me in local film competitions. His comments were the most brutal. Since then, whenever I think back to what he said, I think that something was off."

Fang Zhao laughed. "Did you ever go back and ask the old man to clarify after you successfully switched careers?"

Tan Min spread his arms. "I'm too chickenshit. I never had the guts to ask, because someone told me the old man is the grandfather of our current governor. He's got quite the temper."

Tan Min followed up with a sigh. "There's a new guard at the lighthouse now. The old fella got too old and retired. The one time I found the courage to knock on the entrance to the lighthouse, the new old man asked, 'Who the hell are you?'"

Tan Min didn't blame the old man. Back then, he'd felt he like he was on cloud nine because he had won a film award, but his work actually hadn't been good enough. It was understandable that the old fella hadn't voted for him in the regional film competition.

Tan Min asked, "So, Fang Zhao, are you going to take part in any of the film festival events on the main island tomorrow? If not, I'll take you scuba diving. I just got a message from a friend who has to help collect underwater samples for the research institute. I'm going to check out the excursion."

Fang Zhao pondered the question and responded, "I'm in no hurry to get back."

"Great, then you can join me tomorrow. We'll catch a ride with the research institute. Don't worry about equipment; I'll take care of that. If you don't want to scuba dive, you can hang out on the coastal square. You don't have to worry about paparazzi there. Artists like you who hole up all the time have weak bodies. You should work out more. Don't let your bones rust. Have you heard the saying, 'sound body, sound mind'?"

Fang Zhao checked into a hotel on the outlying island that night.

Nanfeng, Yan Biao, and Zuo Yu were instructed to take the next day off.

"..."

Boss ditched us again!

——

Tan Min also booked a room at the hotel so he could get to know Fang Zhao better. He wanted to talk movies with Fang Zhao, but Fang Zhao started working on a paper instead. Tan Min could only retire to his room.

The next day Fang Zhao boarded the research vessel with Tan Min. Already on board were seven scuba divers. They all knew Tan Min.

Tan Min started chatting with his old friends. The next thing he knew, Fang Zhao was helping folks from the research institute move their equipment.

There were plenty of people who could handle equipment that weighed dozens of kilograms, but few artists could, especially with such ease.

One of the scuba divers whispered to Tan Min, "Big Brother Tan, so this is the guy you said was a little weak and needed taking care of?"

Tan Min's jaw dropped. "Youngsters like him are in good shape" were the only words he could manage.

Fang Zhao's help reduced the prep time significantly. Initially, the researchers on the boat had been a bit wary of Fang Zhao. Now, they gladly briefed him on the waters they were venturing into.

When they arrived at their first location, the scuba divers went underwater with their gear and equipment. Fang Zhao was an amateur, so he rarely strayed from the group.

Tan Min knew the marine vegetation and wildlife in the region well, so he briefed Fang Zhao whenever he saw a new species.

"There is some coral over here. Pretty, aren't they? Don't touch them, though. They are all under surveillance. Folks who damage the corals are subject to heavy fines. And don't try to catch any fish or shrimp you see. That's finable too. You could even get yourself banned from the archipelago," Tan Min said. He was worried that Fang Zhao wouldn't be able to help himself. Fines weren't a big deal, but being blacklisted was. Being banned from the islands was no joke. Some 200 or 300 people were blacklisted every year.

Fang Zhao didn't touch anything. All he did was observe quietly. Then he returned to the ship to take off his scuba gear, replacing it with a snorkel that revealed his ears.

Naturally, Fang Zhao needed to get the leader of the research team to sign off. If anything happened to him, the team would be liable.

Fang Zhao signed a waiver and returned underwater.

One of the professional divers thought Fang Zhao was yet another impulsive tourist. "F*ck! He's crazy! What does a novice diver know about protecting his ears?"

"If he doesn't watch his ear pressure carefully, he could die!"

"Put a rescuer on standby!"

"Let's have one of the divers tail him. Tan Min! He's your guest. You take care of him yourself."

Youngsters are so impulsive! Tan Min thought to himself.

Regardless of what he thought of Fang Zhao, Tan Min tailed him closely along with another diver just in case.

Yet they noticed that Fang Zhao didn't do anything drastic after switching to a snorkel. All he did was swim around slowly and aimlessly. He showed no signs of discomfort.

"Big Brother Tan, this kid doesn't look like a novice diver," one of the professional divers told Tan Min via his comms device.

"Uhm..." Tan Min didn't know what to say. He realized he didn't know Fang Zhao at all.

Fang Zhao was now his big boss, his biggest investor. Tan Min was cool as long as his boss was happy.

As for Fang Zhao, he turned his attention to the wonders of the underwater world.

It was a flurry of light and shadow, bursting with color.

Exotic and lively.

He could hear the sound of currents bombarding reefs.

The minute movements of groups of fish skirting around his body in fear.

The tiniest of noises competed for Fang Zhao's attention among the corals and between the reefs.

What was a calm, quiet underwater world to Tan Min and company lit up Fang Zhao's ears.

Straps of seaweed wavered in the water.

A small finback swam by.

Life was on the rebound after the Period of Destruction.