Volume 4

Chapter 358: Don't Ask Me

Chapter 358: Don't Ask Me

Translator: Min_Lee  Editor: Tennesh

When Fang Zhao surfaced and returned to the boat safely, one of the professional divers asked him: "What were you up to just now?"

"Seeking inspiration," Fang Zhao responded.

The diver paused briefly before having an epiphany.

When these artist types "go crazy," they're not going crazy, they're seeking inspiration!

Tan Min was curious. "Weren't you listening for something?" Why else would he have left his ears uncovered?

"I did indeed hear a few things."

Fang Zhao was in a decent mood. His head was filled with inspiration. After shedding his scuba gear, he said bye to everyone and took off with his notebook. As curious as he was, Tan Min didn't intrude.

One of the divers shook his head as he watched Fang Zhao leave. What could he possibly have heard underwater?

Had he gone dumb from a lack of oxygen?

Then he remembered Fang Zhao's nickname. Even though it seemed far-fetched, maybe Fang Zhao could hear things that normal people couldn't. After all, his ears were dubbed "diting," "God's ears," and so on.

Another diver slapped himself on the thigh. "I forgot to ask him where he learned to dive."

"Is that kid a good diver?"

"I think he's pretty kick-ass. We ran into a strong current that gushed from above and below, and the kid wasn't swayed. He was exceptionally calm, no sign of panic whatsoever. He performed just as well as we did. I want to know where he learned how to dive."

"His name sounds familiar. Didn't the kid serve in the military too, in addition to acting and composing? I think I remember hearing his name in the military headlines once."

"Now that you mention it, I think I've heard his name before too. It's been so long, so I didn't make the connection. Let me do a quick online search."

Fang Zhao was oblivious to the discussion on the boat. He was busy recording down in his notebook all that had flashed through his head. The new song would make its debut in his second solo concert.

The Period of Destruction had seen the extinction of certain types of marine wildlife and the birth of new species, but overall, the damage had been tremendous. There hadn't been much beauty left to speak of.

What Fang Zhao had seen in the ocean had left a deeper impression than what he had seen at the aquarium. He had gotten a stronger sense that life was indeed on the rebound. That was also partly why he was willing to back Tan Min's new project. Setting aside his concerns about the script, Fang Zhao could tell that Tan Min was genuinely passionate about these waters.

Folks who grew up in the New Era didn't feel the change in fortune as acutely, but Fang Zhao was different. If Tan Min could spread his passion for these waters and his interest in protecting its marine ecosystem, what was a few more dollars?

Fang Zhao didn't stay on the research vessel. There was limited space on board. The researchers couldn't possibly give him his own room, so Fang Zhao moved onto a floating square.

This was a square anchored in the waters. Apart from concessions stands, it was also equipped with fishing sections and a swimming pool. It drew quite a few fishing enthusiasts every year.

Because of the film festival, the visitor traffic was concentrated on the main island. Fewer folks ventured out to the outlying islands. There were only a handful of people on the floating square, mostly young men and women.

"It's just a bunch of rich kids who have nothing to worry about. It's their third trip this year. Stay away from them. These kids like to stir up trouble when they run into celebrities," one of the divers told Fang Zhao.

Having read up on Fang Zhao, the folks on board the research vessel had a better understanding of his current situation. Many asked him for his autograph before he left, while others eagerly recommended prime fishing spots.

Tan Min also joined Fang Zhao. After all, he had to keep an eye on Fang Zhao, who was his biggest financial backer right now.

As a local, Tan Min knew the ins and outs of the maritime square well. He instructed Fang Zhao to wait while he dealt with the paperwork. Tan Min's paperwork was straightforward, but Fang Zhao's was slightly more complicated because it was his first visit. Authorities imposed strict protocols on first-time visitors.

Fang Zhao was about to sit down when he heard his name called.

"Hey, is that Fang Zhao?"

"It really is! Fang Zhao! Come join us!"

"Tell us how you managed to compose the four movements of the 'Period of Destruction' series."

Tan Min took notice of the growing commotion and frowned. He was wondering whether or not to step in when Fang Zhao gestured to him.

Fang Zhao told Tan Min to stay put and deal with the paperwork. He approached the group of young men and women who had spotted him.

"Hey, Fang Zhao, I saw the news reports about the Hull virus a while back. I just want to know why that 'Period of Destruction' series was able to cure the disease," a young man in shades shouted.

"I'm not sure either. You'd have to ask the medical researchers," Fang Zhao said with a smile.

He wasn't one to quibble with these kids over decorum.

No one would have dared speak to Fang Zhao this way during the Period of Destruction. But there was one set of rules for years of chaos and another set for prosperous times. Naturally, Fang Zhao didn't thrust the standards of the Period of Destruction on these young men and women.

These kids struck Tan Min and company as typical rich kids, but drawing from his own brief observation, Fang Zhao realized they meant no harm, even if they spoke a bit too casually and in bad taste.

"What were you just talking about? I think I heard someone mention a great white?" Fang Zhao asked.

"Yeah, we were wondering if you might run into a great white in these abouts," a kid sucking on a straw said as he adjusted his cap. "Word has it there was a sighting, but not in these exact waters. It's just a rumor. Some say it's pure fabrication, that the great white is already extinct apart from artificially bred ones and thus can't be spotted in the wild anymore."

"It's true. Someone captured it on camera!" an older boy retorted while swinging his fishing rod.

"Many species that have been categorized as extinct have been caught on camera in recent years."

"In any case, I don't want to come across a great white. It's the tyrant of the sea!"

"Bullsh*t! You've watched too many movies. The great white is just wee big. It's nothing in terms of size. I can knock one out with a single punch."

"Boy, you certainly know how to bullsh*t."

"Fang Zhao, I hear you're quite the historian. So was the great white the most brutal sea animal during the Old Era?"

Fang Zhao had just settled into his role as a jovial onlooker when he heard the question. "I'm not sure which species was the most brutal, but let me tell you a story. It's a story I read while researching the Old Era a while ago."

Meanwhile, Tan Min was a bit worried. After rushing the maritime square staff through the paperwork, he returned to Fang Zhao only to discover that the group of youngsters, who were quite boisterous, were now staring blankly at his new partner. He had no idea what Fang Zhao had told them. The boy who was fishing hadn't even noticed that he had dropped his fishing rod into the water.

"For real?" a waiter whispered.

"What's the commotion?" Tan Min asked the waiter.

"He's telling a story."

"What story?"

"The story of two orcas who ran into a great white, how they toppled the shark, took a few bites and didn't like the taste, then tossed it around."

Tan Min: "What about now?"

"Now he's telling the story of a wandering orca that ran into a great white. The great white was too strong and the orca was no match, so the orca summoned other orcas in the area and surrounded the great white."

Tan Min: "Can you move over? I'm going to listen in too."

——

While Fang Zhao was telling stories, quite a few folks were doing online searches of him.

The daily entertainment news cycle never strayed from affairs or breakdowns. It was quite boring. The film festival was going on, but fans were treated to a steady stream of the standard celebrity selfies by the beach or on the red carpet. Only a few of the better-known entertainment journalists filed interesting material. Even so, after a few days, readers got bored again and started looking for new stimulation.

"Where's Fang Zhao? Fang Zhao's at the Corale Film Festival too. Where is he? Have all the entertainment journalists fallen asleep?"

"The entertainment journalists covering the film festival this year aren't that good. I haven't seen anything about the celebrities I'm interested in."

Wang Tie scanned the online comments from a hotel room in Corale. He skipped the comments about Fang Zhao, pretending they didn't exist.

Wang Tie's bracelet rang and he answered the call.

"Old Wang, you're not in a very generous mood these days, huh? You've hogged too many scoops." The man on the call was quite pissed off. Other journalists had been on the verge of exclusives quite a few times, but Wang Tie always beat them to the punch. So the late stories always struck outsiders as matching reports, Wang Tie's leftovers. The reporters were very disgruntled.

The tone softened, the caller looking for a compromise. "I know you're Yanzhou's king of paparazzi, but can't you spare a few scoops for your old friends?"

Wang Tie organized his notes from the day and responded at the same time. "I have. I said at the outset I wouldn't be tracking Fang Zhao. He's quite a popular figure these days. If you land a scoop on him, you'll make a fortune."

"Fang Zhao is too hard to tail. Plus, he isn't on the main island."

"Then there's nothing I can do. I've given you the opportunity." The mere mention of Fang Zhao also annoyed Wang Tie. He didn't want to discuss the matter further.

"Hehe."

"Don't 'hehe' me. This mofo hates that word! Hehe my ass! If you have something to say, just say it!" Wang Tie wanted to punch someone.

"Just consider this as you doing us a favor, Old Wang. We are classmates, after all. Just leak us something, something big, not peanuts. Or tell us where Fang Zhao is. I just got off the phone with the man I sent to the outlying islands. He didn't see Fang Zhao today. He has no idea where Fang Zhao is. This guy's too good at dodging paparazzi."

"Don't ask me about Fang Zhao. Track him down yourself!"