Volume 4

Chapter 362: Gala Kickoff

Chapter 362: Gala Kickoff

Translator: Min_Lee  Editor: Tennesh

After Fang Zhao helped Carter resolve his student's transportation issue, he started preparing for the prize ceremony.

The prize ceremonies for film and TV at the Corale Film Festival took place on separate days. The one honoring TV shows took place a day before the presentation ceremony for movies.

All the hotels near the venue for the film festival were fully booked, barring hotels that were reserved for actors and celebrities. Fans could only settle for locations some distance from the venue. Many of them rented office spaces or even flats from locals.

Nanfeng handed Fang Zhao a piece of paper. "Boss, this is your itinerary." Nanfeng had shown Fang Zhao a draft schedule earlier, but this was a more detailed rundown that factored in possible complications at the venue. Cognizant of the fact that Fang Zhao lacked experience in events like this, Nanfeng had sought out many seasoned assistants for advice, which he had incorporated into this final schedule.

"Also, Silver Wing is asking whether you need help with your schedule," Nanfeng said.

Fang Zhao studied Nanfeng's itinerary and waved his hand. "This is great. No need for Silver Wing to send anyone."

Nanfeng couldn't help flashing a smile, but he quickly restrained himself. He thought he should come off as a steady ship before his boss. He couldn't break into a silly smile because of a single line of flattery.

Nanfeng recovered his composure and continued, "Boss, you received two nominations, so you have to walk the red carpet. But we have no idea who your partner on the red carpet will be. We'll only find out when we arrive at the venue. This is decided by the organizers—we can only play along. That's how things have always been done at Corale. If we have suggestions, we can pass them along ahead of time, but the organizers might not accept them. Typically, only the cream of the crop in the entertainment industry can sway the organizers."

The bottom line was that as far as the entertainment industry was concerned, Fang Zhao had neither enough stature nor seniority to pull rank with the organizers. Fang Zhao understood this as well, so he didn't have any suggestions. He was happy to defer to the organizers.

Zuo Yu was intrigued and began brainstorming. "What if they decide to set you up with an actress who's calculating? Is she going to try to fake a relationship with you?"

Fang Zhao had never been associated with anyone romantically. Plus, there was no shortage of headlines about Fang Zhao. He didn't need a scandalous affair to boost his visibility.

What about the paparazzi, who claimed to be ubiquitous?

Quite a few entertainment journalists were tracking Fang Zhao closely, looking for a scoop, but the problem was that they had trouble following the man himself.

The journalists sent to film Fang Zhao secretly had been roughed up by Fang Zhao's bodyguards. The bodyguards had been quite strategic in their use of force. They hadn't inflicted any obvious wounds. A hospital checkup hadn't revealed any injuries serious enough to cause public outrage. The incident wasn't worth making a story out of. In that case, there was even less news about Fang Zhao during the film festival. It was all trivial stuff. The pictures that the journalists had managed to take weren't clear shots and had been taken from odd angles.

As for a scandalous affair or whatnot, forget about it. There was absolutely no sign online that any entertainment journalist had caught even a whiff of a scandal.

Nanfeng sighed. "As far as your red carpet partner is concerned, based on what I've found out about the Corale organizers, they typically pair up celebrities of similar stature. Plus, there are a limited number of slots at the red carpet for an awards ceremony of this level. Either you're a nominee or a prominent figure in the industry. The scenario Zuo Yu painted is possible but highly unlikely."

Nanfeng didn't think the contingency Zuo Yu suggested would happen. Actors who had a shot at the red carpet planned their careers carefully. Boosting their visibility through a fake romantic liaison was beneath them. If the story was mishandled, it would backfire and jeopardize their careers.

But setting aside his professional responsibilities, as a spectator, Nanfeng wouldn't mind Fang Zhao getting romantically linked with someone.

Alas, a thought was just a thought. As a competent assistant, he knew clearly what he should and shouldn't do. Still, Nanfeng felt he should be prepared, so he reached out to his friends to help stave off any possible storylines that might cast Fang Zhao in a negative light.

Gotta let Boss know my value!

Gotta let Boss realize I'm indispensable!

Nanfeng had mapped out all sorts of scenarios and come up with responses. He was ready to see how things played out.

Now all that was left was to escort boss to the venue.

The presentation ceremony for the Golden Coral Awards for TV was also known as the "Golden TV Series Gala." Add to that the "Founding Era" effect and there was a significant bump in turnout.

The main island started getting busier the morning of the awards ceremony. Many fans flocked to the venue to stake out strategic positions before the break of dawn. Locals living on the outlying islands also traveled to the main island first thing in the morning.

Fang Zhao proceeded according to Nanfeng's itinerary. The assistant had allocated a bigger chunk of time this time around for wardrobe and makeup. The process was more meticulous than usual.

Nanfeng was on hand every step of the way, not letting the smallest detail escape his attention.

He felt a tremendous sense of accomplishment. If he had his way, Nanfeng would have posted photos left and right. But he could only hold back due to his ethical obligations.

"Boss, when we're ready here, we'll catch our ride to a side room at the venue and wait for further instructions. Let's head out after lunch. Also, Boss, you should overeat a bit for lunch; otherwise you'll get hungry later in the day. There will be hairdressers and makeup artists at the venue. If you want to change your look or if your hairdo gets messed up, you can reach out to them. If they're unavailable, call me and I'll send someone over. Remember to watch what you eat when you arrive at the venue. You have to control your food intake. Don't eat or drink too much. Cut down on your fluid intake."

Nanfeng's nonstop nagging got on Zuo Yu's and Yan Biao's nerves. Too much hassle! What a nuisance!

Figuring that he might not be able to eat much in the evening, Fang Zhao went all-out during lunch.

Nanfeng was left bewildered as he watched bowl after bowl of rice be emptied.

"Boss, don't eat too much!" Nanfeng was worried that Fang Zhao might need the bathroom at an important moment during the ceremony.

Yan Biao whispered to Nanfeng, "Boss has a quirk—he has a huge appetite! Everyone from the set of 'Founding Era' knows this."

When Fang Zhao finally got up from his chair, Nanfeng clutched his chest and took a few deep breaths. "Gotta calm down, calm down!"

Fang Zhao and company got into the car they had booked well in advance and headed to the venue.

The route from the hotel to the venue had long been planned. Barricades had been erected on both sides of the road. Police officers hovered nearby, while behind the barricades were packed passionate movie fans from all over the world.

The car's windows were tinted, but those inside could still see out. Still, the fans went berserk every time a car emerged from the hotel.

Even though the car was soundproofed, the sight of crazed faces and screaming mouths gave Yan Biao and Zuo Yu the jitters.

Yan Biao felt he had been exposed to a whole new world. "No wonder the local government declared a holiday. How could you work in conditions like this?"

People were everywhere!

He had no idea the island could fit so many people!

"I'm guessing the police officers from all the outlying islands have been diverted to this location. It'd be impossible to maintain order on the strength of the main island's manpower alone," Zuo Yu said.

"There's more. Officers from other parts of Huangzhou are also sent here. Police districts closest to the archipelago and districts that have spare manpower all send folks over. Otherwise, traffic would come to a standstill," the driver said.

"Are there this many movie fans? I never felt this way attending other events." As a bodyguard, Yan Biao felt immense pressure. Even though he was quite confident, his knees weakened at the sight of this mob.

After studying the clothes the fans were wearing and the signs they held, Yan Biao breathed a sigh of relief. Thankfully, none of these were Fang Zhao's fans. Otherwise, he and Zuo Yu would be stampeded.

"These are fans from all the continents. You've underestimated how crazy fans can get." Saliva flying, a frantic Nanfeng elaborated on the incredible drawing power of a film festival of this stature. It was his first time experiencing an atmosphere like this too. He had only admired from a distance in the past. Now he was part of the action.

Zuo Yu and Yan Biao had laid eyes on many global superstars while Fang Zhao had been filming "Founding Era" on Planet Wai. They had seen top-tier actors from all the continents. They hadn't made much of it then, but in this context, the gathering of stars created a different spectacle.

This was a home-court advantage for the superstars of the entertainment industry!

A single wave and smile could create a tsunami of squeals.

Comparatively speaking, Fang Zhao really didn't have much of an edge.

After arriving at the side room of the venue, Nanfeng pointed at the door. "Boss, we'll have to drop you off here. We can't go inside. You've been briefed on what happens next. The organizers will guide you every step of the way, or just follow the lead of one of the more senior stars from Silver Wing. Someone will give you a heads up on your red carpet partner. If you run into any problems, just call me. I'll figure something out."

It was Fang Zhao's first time at such an important event—and he had to walk the red carpet. Nanfeng felt like a parent sending his kid to school for the first time. He couldn't let go. If he had his way, he'd tie Fang Zhao to a leash and lead the way.

Yan Biao eyed Fang Zhao, who showed no signs of nerves, then Nanfeng, who was sweating profusely and shivering. He recalled a saying from the Old Era: "The eunuch panics vicariously for the emperor."

Is Xiao Nanfeng a bit too tightly wound? Yan Biao couldn't help blurting out, "Xiao Nanfeng, no, I mean Nanfeng, I think our boss is smarter than you are. He'll manage just fine."

Nanfeng wanted to say, "My ass!" but seeing as Fang Zhao had already gestured to him, he held back. They couldn't linger. There was a long line of cars behind them. They had to make way.

"Boss, why don't you head in first. We'll be outside. Just call if you need anything."

Nanfeng had booked a room near the venue. He and Yan Biao and Zuo Yu would wait there.

The towering skyscrapers near the venue were equipped with large screens that showed a live feed of the venue. The event hadn't started yet, so all that could be seen was droves of people heading in different directions. Folks had also staked out spots on rooftops. Word was that some rooftops had already been paid for.

The moment Fang Zhao walked into the side room, he ran into a director who had just returned from a shoot on Planet Wai. The director had rented some of his property on Wai. Fang Zhao had met with the filmmaker twice while he had been filming "Founding Era."

"Fang Zhao, you're here! Congrats on your two nominations! Judging from your performance in 'Founding Era,' I think you're bound to bag at least one prize," the director said with a thumbs up. "Commander Huo Yi asked about you before I came back. He said to tell you to visit Wai again when you had time."

Fang Zhao figured that what Huo Yi meant was to drop by Wai again with his dog.