Volume 4

Chapter 368: Him Again

Chapter 368: Him Again

Translator: BeetleBarker  Editor: Tennesh

The names that had just been mentioned by the scriptwriters were the representatives behind the scenes that had made the most important contributions to each "Founding Era" chapter. Fang Zhao had been mentioned because he had indeed provided lots of pertinent suggestions. In the Yanzhou chapter, Fang Zhao had been the one to provide the most suggestions, and most of them had been rather important. This was also why the details in many scenes of the Yanzhou chapter had been spot on.

Thus, this award, which was usually overlooked by the audience, gave rise to even more discussion. Many people also specifically went to search for the Yanzhou chapter's end credits.

A composer who had run to acting and even entered the consultant team, which was a playground for historians, how awesome was that?

Next up was the Best Director Award for the TV category, and once again, unsurprisingly, the head director of "Founding Era," Nova Roman, received the honors.

"I would like to thank every member of the staff that worked behind the scenes. The performers were all extremely great, and there were many young actors and actresses that dared to fight and strive and weren't weaker than the veterans in any way. For example, Fang Zhao..."

The entire cast and crew of "Founding Era" let out a collective sigh.

Here it comes!

They all recalled the fear they'd had of "newcomer Fang Zhao" during production and filming. Back then, Roman had loved to use Fang Zhao as an example to pressure them. When Roman mentioned "Fang Zhao," the actors within the cast didn't find it surprising. Everyone knew that during filming back on planet Wai, Head Director Roman's favorite actor had been Fang Zhao. However, they fully accepted it. Fang Zhao's performance had really been outstanding. If Fang Zhao wasn't only in his 20s, perhaps the evaluation committee would have made an exception and perhaps Fang Zhao could have clinched a few more nominations.

A pity.

But it was because of this that Roman had specifically mentioned Fang Zhao here. In his heart, he felt that it was a pity for Fang Zhao.

After Best Director Award was the Best Original Soundtrack Award. Fang Zhao hadn't received a nomination.

The Golden Series Gala used to have quite a number of categories for music awards. Afterward, due to suggestions from all parties, the awards had been reduced and simplified, with only Best Original Soundtrack and Best Original Score remaining. The TV category would frequently have many works from within a series competing against each other, and the award would be given to the musical composition. This year, the nominations for this category were all works from "Founding Era."

Someone told his friend in private, "Fang Zhao could have also received a nomination here, but it was overruled by the evaluation committee in the end."

Fang Zhao's song "This Life of Mine" could have received a nomination based on the quality and alignment with the content of the plot. However, there was a slight controversy; some people doubted that Fang Zhao could have composed this piece on his own at his age. Even though Fang Zhao had won the Galaxy Supernova Award, it still couldn't get rid of these questioning voices. There were many high-quality soundtracks and accompaniment pieces in "Founding Era," and a large number were of a great-master grade. Thus, the evaluation committee ultimately voted to exclude Fang Zhao's piece from the nominations.

In short, it was because Fang Zhao was too young, had insufficient experience, and wasn't able to make everyone believe that he had composed the piece alone. In a situation where they had many other options, the evaluation committee wasn't willing to take this risk.

The screen displayed the five nominated compositions. Mo Lang's "Legend," the final song of "Founding Era," was among them.

The composition information was displayed on the screen.

"Legend"

Composer: Mo Lang

Arrangement: Mo Lang, Fang Zhao

Roman mouthed a "ha" as he turned to glance at Fang Zhao. At this sort of event and for this sort of award, as long as one's name was displayed on the composition information, whether it was a composer or any other participating member, the person had the right to go on stage and receive the award.

Indeed, when the honored guest read out "Legend," the spotlights converged on Fang Zhao's seat.

Mo Lang wasn't in attendance, so the only present member of this composition was Fang Zhao.

The bright, thick, and epic tune belonging to "Legend" from the ending of "Founding Era" played.

Roman and the others clapped their hands delightedly.

When the spotlights shone on Fang Zhao getting up to go on stage, the comments section of the live broadcast erupted.

"The f*ck! Why is it him again!"

"Mo Lang couldn't attend, so naturally, the other person will be the one to receive the prize. Arrangement is also a part of this piece."

"From the Best Child Star award on, the frequency at which Fang Zhao's name is appearing is kinda high for today's Golden Series Gala."

"How can this be 'kinda'? It's simply through the roof! Best Child Star, Best Newcomer, Best Screenplay, Best Director, Best Original Soundtrack, his name has already been said five times! And he has gone on stage to receive an award twice!"

"His spirit inexorably lingers on!"

"To the one above, did you not attend school? 'His spirit inexorably lingers on'? Is this the right usage of this phrase?!"

Regardless of what online audiences had to say, Fang Zhao's name was especially memorable today.

If mentioned just once, people might not have had an impression, but when the name "Fang Zhao" came up in two, three, then five awards presentations in succession, each and every one would cause a wave of passionate discussion online!

There were film emperors and empresses every year, but it was extremely rare to see such a situation. Entertainment reporters were delighted and rubbed their hands with glee. There was too much to write about!

Tan Min, who was seated in the corner, watched enviously as Fang Zhao went on stage to receive the award.

Indeed, there were some people that absolutely couldn't be held down. Once sufficiently outstanding, their radiance could not be blocked out. If one had financial assistance but lacked the ability, even if there was someone supporting them from the back, it still wouldn't amount to much.

After accepting the award, Fang Zhao specifically mentioned that he was collecting this award on behalf of Mo Lang in his acceptance speech. This time, he appeared much calmer during this award presentation.

The message he had received previously had been Mo Lang telling Fang Zhao to go on stage and accept the award should he win it. Furthermore, the organizers would surely have made preparations beforehand and discussed it with Mo Lang.

Afterward, the Best Original Score Award and Best Supporting Actress Award were handed out for the TV category, and then it came to the Best Supporting Actor Award. When the list of nominees was recited, Fang Zhao was once again mentioned. In the end, the outcome was just as everyone had expected. Having won the Best Newcomer Award, Fang Zhao failed to be chosen as the winner for Best Supporting Actor. But him being mentioned once again gave rise to yet another round of discussion.

"Six times already!"

"Tonight, 'Founding Era' was mentioned the most, but Fang Zhao comes in second!"

"Impressive, being mentioned by others successively six times. He can even make his presence felt despite not being nominated, and he even went on stage to receive two awards."

"He still has to go on stage later. That will be the third time."

After the TV category's awards for best actor and best actress were issued, it came to the night's final heavyweight award, the Best Series Award. Once more, there was no suspense.

"Founding Era!"

When the honored guest read out "Founding Era," nobody's heart skipped a beat. Everyone was already prepared. The other series in the TV category were nothing more than a foil.

A few important members of the production and the other "Founding Era" nominees from tonight all went on stage. The one receiving the award was still Head Director Roman. Having already received two awards, naturally, Fang Zhao also had to go on stage to take a photo.

"The biggest winner tonight was 'Founding Era,' sweeping up many heavyweight awards, and the second biggest winner was Fang Zhao."

"That means to say that Fang Zhao is really the biggest winner. More people are talking about him rather than the winners of the best actor and actress awards. The amount of times entertainment reporters have mentioned Fang Zhao is way more than other people."

This was destined to be a sleepless night.

Special effects fireworks had lit up the sky each time an award had been issued. When the final award was handed out, the entire island had a fireworks display that continued for close to 30 minutes.

Many people had come over not just to catch their idols but to enjoy Corale's magnificent fireworks display. Tonight, Corale natives and tourists from other lands all remembered the name "Fang Zhao." It couldn't be helped—the rate at which his name had occurred was just too high. In entertainment news, every 10 pieces of news would have at least four items that mentioned him. At a film festival, this proportion was really frightening!

In a certain hotel, George Quintero, who had just returned from the Golden Series Gala, sent Prof. Carter portions of videos recorded by netizens tonight as evidence. His message was laced with grievance. "Teacher, does this little disciple even need our assistance, given his status in the entertainment-rich atmosphere of Corale?"

Deep creases appeared on Prof. Carter's forehead from his frowning.

How does Fang Zhao have such a high popularity within the entertainment circles?

This won't do!

Although television and film were also considered art, they only collaborated in a few outstanding works like "Founding Era." Revolutionary programs like these were few and far between. But the current fickle entertainment circle still had a rich commercial overtone, and every company was continuously maximizing their celebrities' commercial value. Fang Zhao having such high popularity within the entertainment circles wasn't necessarily a good thing for academics like them.

Young man, don't get swayed by the allures of fame and fortune.

Carter decided that, the moment Fang Zhao returned, he would hurry and bring Fang Zhao to work on projects so that Fang Zhao would stay further away from the entertainment circles.

Yanbei Retirement Facility.

Great-Grandfather Fang had his hands full reading the comments as he watched the live broadcast, wishing he could open his eyes wider. He didn't know the situation within the entertainment circles too well and could only grasp a little through the discussions online. He was delighted when he saw people online saying that Fang Zhao might be tonight's biggest winner.

"Hahahahahahaha... Cough… cough cough cough!!"

Great-Grandfather Fang choked on his on saliva while he was laughing and slapping his thigh. Great-Grandmother Fang got a shock and quickly called the retirement center's paramedic.

The paramedic was helpless. Although he wasn't able to find anything wrong, he said, "I suggest you don't overexert yourself and keep your emotions in check. It's best you don't get too excited or angry."

"I'm fine, I'm just delighted! I'm happy every day!" Great-Grandfather Fang pointed at the news about Fang Zhao on the screen. "My Little Zhao won yet another award today!"

The paramedic ridiculed Great-Grandfather Fang inwardly. How fresh, how many times have you said "won an award" in the retirement center? The Galaxy Award matter had barely passed, yet here it came again!

Just before the paramedic left, Great-Grandfather Fang pulled him aside and exhorted, "You absolutely mustn't talk about this outside." How shameful .

"Don't worry, I got it." He was in contact with these retired veterans every day and wouldn't disclose a patient's condition outside, especially among these retired veterans that cared a lot about their pride.

After leaving, the paramedic chuckled and shook his head. Seeing this old man's manner, there would be another bout of bragging in the days to come.