Volume 4

Chapter 365: Defection!

Chapter 365: Defection!

Translator: Min_Lee  Editor: Tennesh

A host of folks had already gone before Fang Zhao and his partner. The passion of the fans was unyielding. Some of their voices had already started going hoarse from all the screaming.

The atmosphere didn't abate a single bit from the moment the red carpet event kicked off.

Apart from Memorial Day, the two days when the film festival's awards ceremonies were held were the liveliest days of the year in the Corale Archipelago. This was Corale's grand feast. Even though most of the archipelago's residents could only settle for a live broadcast of the festivities, they still screamed at the top of their voices in front of their screens, along with the fans on site.

A countless number of cops were on duty across the archipelago, maintaining order.

After two celebrities entered the front entrance emblazoned with a golden coral, another flying transport landed slowly but steadily at the end of the red carpet.

"Who is it this time?"

"I dunno. How many flying transports has it been?"

"How many of the nominees still haven't walked the red carpet?"

Fans and journalists alike craned their necks like eager kids opening their Christmas presents.

In contrast, the photographers appeared calm and composed. Some of them had been hired by entertainment labels to take pictures of their own artists. Others were on the payroll of fashion magazines, there to snap shots of celebrity outfits and accessories. There were also official photographers hired by the organizers.

The stars naturally had impressive auras, and they wore eye-catching outfits, but not every single celebrity moved the photographers. After the photographers shot their assignments, the rest was entirely up to them. Still, even if certain celebrities on the red carpet didn't meet their standards, the photographers would still snap a token few shots out of respect for the organizers. The extra flashes would make the live broadcast look more presentable.

The doors to the flying transport at the end of the red carpet opened and its passengers disembarked.

"F*ck! It's Fang Zhao!"

"Fang Zhao! The man himself finally makes an appearance!"

"How many days has it been? We've finally landed Fang Zhao."

The entertainment journalists were even more excited. Most of them hadn't seen Fang Zhao at all since they'd arrived in Corale. Fang Zhao was a newcomer in the film and TV industry all right, but in a global context, he was also a true celebrity. He generated news nonstop, being a genius-level character who had been featured repeatedly in authoritative media outlets.

Gotta snap!

Snap away!

Gotta seize the day. Who knows when the next opportunity will be if we miss out this time?

From the moment Fang Zhao stepped out of his vehicle, he was attacked by white flashes. He might not have been able to see all the faces clearly, but he could feel the deluge of passion and admiration pouring in from all corners, as if he were the center of the world.

Amid the screams and flashes, Fang Zhao bowed and tugged at a pale-skinned arm that extended from inside the flying transport.

Dressed in a resplendent white full-length gown, Anna emerged from the vehicle.

Against the backdrop of blinding lights, the gown swayed tastefully with Anna's every step. She flashed a subtle smile that was casual and elegant at the same time.

"Wow!"

"Anna!"

"Goddess!"

No wonder she was an established star with global influence. The fans started screaming. Seeing Anna's face, the fans from Huangzhou wanted to storm the red carpet. One fan warned he was going to try to breach the cordon, but he was dragged back in routine fashion by a police officer.

The entertainment journalists and cameramen worked their equipment nonstop. There was hardly a break to the live commentary, and the pack of photographers was a blinding source of glitter. The night hit yet another climax, helped by the rowdy commotion and rapid flashes.

Anna was a picture of contentment and composure on the outside. She enjoyed being the center of attention. No matter how much hardship she had to endure behind the scenes, she could never part with her screen career. Even though she kept an even keel most of the time, every time she stood before the press pack, she was truly overwhelmed. It proved that everything she put up with was worth it!

A smiling Anna waved toward her fans on both flanks.

Whether she won an award was something to worry about later. All Anna wanted to do right now was steal the limelight with her incredible presence. Whether or not she could earn more endorsement deals with the world's top fashion and jewelry labels depended on this walk.

But a thought struck Anna after she took a few steps. Oops.

The moment she had stepped onto the red carpet, she had been swept away by the emotion of the moment and had started handling herself like a Golden Coral best actress winner. What about the junior disciple she had promised to look after?

Completely. Forgotten.

If there was a huge discrepancy in their entrances, if one party stole the limelight, then the partner would be reduced to nothing. Even if they appeared in the same frame, the latter would come off as a nonfactor. Even if the two stood side by side, the less glamorous star would strike viewers as a groupie. That was also why organizers typically paired celebrities of similar stature on the red carpet, to avoid awkward situations like this.

Anna was worried that she would reduce her junior partner to an obsequious assistant on his first red carpet. If the junior disciple was completely overwhelmed by her on his first red carpet, how would she explain herself to Venerable Mo?

But soon, Anna realized that Fang Zhao lacked the nerves of a newcomer.

Fang Zhao cut a masculine and impressive figure in his seemingly simple black-and-white tux. Even though he wore a smile, there was an aggressive touch to his stare.

Aura was a magical quality.

Many people would have been awed by the moment and gotten a case of wobbly legs, but in his debut red-carpet event, Fang Zhao made people forget about his young age and his newcomer status. Every move he made hit the spot. He struck the perfect balance—a little more outgoing and he would come off as a camera hog; a little less effusive and he would strike observers as being repressed. His unique aura—a lovely combination of composure and presence—gave no indication that he was a novice at the Corale "Golden Gala."

While Anna maintained her smile, deep down, she was blown away. Who is this junior disciple? Is he really a newcomer?

In his first red-carpet event, Fang Zhao wasn't overwhelmed by Anna's presence. Instead, his own presence added to the overall picture.

As far as many top photographers were concerned, there were no real stars, and the so-called pecking order among celebrities meant nothing. The stars were all simply a bunch of outlines. Even the most glamorous visuals didn't necessarily move these photographers.

Their job was to capture that moment when contour and light found the perfect combination.

To create a satisfactory image, to achieve that aesthetic beauty, they would leave no stone unturned and would lose their wits.

Against the backdrop of music and flashlights, the two actors varied their gait for the photographers. They found a specific rhythm and blended together seamlessly. They also struck a perfect, stark contrast with their background.

This type of a visual presentation, the elegant pace at which the two actors strutted their stuff—it was a strong assault on the photographers' senses. It moved the photographers at the core.

Glints of passion flashed through the eyes of the photographers.

If the screams of the fans were a tsunami, then the busy activity of the photographers was a brutal thunderstorm.

The dense flurry of lights made for a sparkly, silver-white constellation.

The excited photographers frantically adjusting their cameras and pressing their shutters looked like they had shivering hands. They felt they were about to lose their grips.

Soon enough, the silver-white constellation blew up entirely.

Even though Anna had walked this particular red carpet more than once, this was was a first. This was a new experience.

Thinking back to her previous red-carpet walks, when had these snobbish photographers ever displayed such strong emotion?

The unrelenting flashes made her feel like she was taking part in a major religious ceremony. The moment was so overwhelming that she almost lost her cool.

Excitement, ecstasy—Anna tried hard to keep it all contained so her smile didn't come off as too unrestrained.

The entertainment journalists took in their surroundings. With the photographers going all out, how could they hold back?

Even though they were clueless as to why the photographers had suddenly gone berserk, they were quick on their feet. They couldn't go wrong by following suit.

Anna and Fang Zhao were only halfway down the red carpet.

Photographers that weren't strategically positioned weren't happy with the pictures they had already taken. Even though they were masters at adapting to different lighting conditions, line of sight was still a big problem.

The pictures weren't quite right.

Just a bit off.

Was it Anna?

No, it was Fang Zhao.

This actor was downright unprofessional.

Anna knew how to let every single photographer capture her at her best. This was where experience came into play. But Fang Zhao was different. He had yet to master the skill of allowing every photographer to take shots to their liking. Actually, he was better at dodging the camera.

Some photographers thought to themselves, It would be great if Fang Zhao could turn toward us another 15 degrees.

Others wondered, I missed the perfect moment. If only he had looked this way a little longer.

But all obstacles were paper tigers. The problem was their perfectionism.

"Fang Zhao!"

"Don't look that way. Look this way!"

"Turn this way a bit more."

Photographers that typically carried themselves with comportment started growling.

Yet this was not their own studio. Their shouts were instantly drowned out.

The entertainment journalists realized the photographers were focusing on Fang Zhao.

OK, more Fang Zhao, then!

The fans staking out the movie theater were also excited at the sight of the two stars. Who could have known that the entertainment journalists next to them would get even more emotional?

The journalists pressed their shutters and record buttons frantically between yells. In contrast, the more composed Fang Zhao fans looked like indifferent bystanders.

Some fans that were neither diehard supporters of Fang Zhao nor of Anna were blown away by the enthusiasm of the reporters. When they came to their senses, they were furious.

I'm a top-tier groupie, a self-proclaimed crazed fan. How can an entertainment journalist be more spirited than I am?

Such a disgrace!

Can't put up with this.

Even though they were neither diehard fans of Fang Zhao nor of Anna, they couldn't allow themselves to be overshadowed by the entertainment journalists.

Hence:

When the photographers yelled, "Fang Zhao!"

The entertainment journalists were even louder: "Fang Zhao! Fang Zhao!"

And the fans screamed their lungs out: "Fang Zhao! Fang Zhao! Fang Zhao!"

Thus the atmosphere boiled over again, hitting yet another climax.

More and more fans started chanting Fang Zhao's name unconsciously, as if they had been brainwashed, including some Anna fans that had lost their minds.

Anna: "..."  My fans are defecting before my very eyes!