Volume 4

Chapter 364: Boiling

Chapter 364: Boiling

Translator: BeetleBarker  Editor: Tennesh

A gentle voice drifted over from behind them. "Fang Zhao?"

The few that had been in the midst of discussion turned their heads, and their eyes lit up.

What they saw was a lady with long golden curls and a white embroidered dress with an eye-catching silver pendant. She was elegant and graceful.

However, when they realized who this person was, Ji Polun and the others became timid like quails.

This extremely famous Huangzhou film star and recipient of the previous season's Best Actress Award smiled at them as she glided over.

Anna was in her forties, but in the New Era, she could still be considered relatively young. Furthermore, she maintained herself very well, so when she stood beside Fang Zhao, there didn't seem to be any age gap between the two.

Anna gave a slight nod of her head toward Ji Polun and the others before glancing at Fang Zhao with a faint look, like a senior's warm gaze toward a junior. "You can call me Senior Sister. My husband, Lan Jing, was Mo Lang's last disciple and most of my own music theory and knowledge was taught by him. I also studied with Venerable Mo for a period; thus, our circumstances seem slightly similar. So, it is fine to just call me Senior Sister."

Anna's tone was cordial and, at the same time, told Fang Zhao that for this red carpet arrangement, she and Lan Jing had lent their strength to help out Fang Zhao.

Fang Zhao was still considered a newcomer to the film circles, and this was his first time attending this sort of occasion. It would be awkward if Fang Zhao's red-carpet reception wasn't enthusiastic enough. Venerable Mo didn't wish to see this sort of situation either; thus, Anna had come over to lead a junior disciple as a favor to Mo Lang. When her husband, Lan Jing, had encountered some problems during his concert world tour, it had been Mo Lang who had personally stepped in to help resolve them.

After finding out that Mo Lang had indirectly accepted another disciple after such a long time, Anna had immediately made the decision to request the organizing committee partner her with Fang Zhao. Before she had come over today, she had even spoken to Mo Lang on a call and pledged, "Teacher Mo, don't worry. I will lead the little junior disciple along!"

After Anna arrived, Ji Polun and the rest made their greetings before tactfully leaving.

"Greetings, Senior Sister." Fang Zhao was smiling. When he had heard Lan Jing's name, he had already guessed that it had been Venerable Mo pulling the strings.

"I heard that you arrived rather early, but there wasn't much news about you. Did you go out to have fun? Many of Corale's specialty products are only sold during the yearly film festival period. You can buy some to bring back; the majority of specialty products here can't be found elsewhere and aren't sold online." Anna decided to make a little small talk with Fang Zhao so he wouldn't be nervous. On account of Venerable Mo and Lan Jing, she would especially take care of this little junior disciple.

"I bought some already and sent back a batch," Fang Zhao said.

"Bought presents yet? Do you have little kids at home?"

"Old and young."

As he replied, Fang Zhao received a message.

"Something important?" Anna asked. Messages and news might change a celebrity's condition before he stepped onto the red carpet. Since Anna had already promised to help, she naturally kept an eye on Fang Zhao's condition.

"It's Teacher Mo," Fang Zhao replied.

Anna's expression was solemn. "Venerable Mo sent you a message at this time?" From her understanding of Mo Lang, there was no way that Venerable Mo would not understand the situation here and choose to send a message at this sort of time without consideration.

"Venerable Mo sent a set of exam questions," Fang Zhao replied with a smile.

Mo Lang wasn't worried that Fang Zhao would get stage fright later and had specially sent him examinations questions to test him, perhaps because he was worried Fang Zhao would be infected by the atmosphere of the film festival and forgo academics.

Anna still wanted to say something, but the person in front had already gestured toward them to start preparing, so she said, "There is still half an hour before it begins. Don't be nervous. You have been to many large occasions. Check to see whether there is anything out of place and, if there is, look for someone to rectify it. There are people upstairs... Never mind, I will bring you over."

Anna brought Fang Zhao up to the side hall's second floor and got a stylist she was familiar with to inspect Fang Zhao once more.

Fang Zhao also saw Lu Aotian on the second floor.

This time, Lu Aotian had been nominated for the Best Child Star Award and would feature on the red carpet. No one knew where this child had just been, but his hair was a mess and his stylist was busy trying to tidy it up.

When he spotted Fang Zhao, Lu Aotian patted his chair's armrest twice.

"Big Brother Zhao!"

His father hadn't been able to receive any nominations this year and thus hadn't been able to get a spot on the red carpet. This time, Luo Aotian would be accompanied by a singer when entering the venue.

Beside him, someone asked Lu Aotian, "Have you prepared your acceptance speech?"

Lu Aotian puffed his chest out. "All memorized!"

Anna chimed in too. "Nervous?"

"No way, the Best Child Star Award is surely mine! The acting of the other nominees isn't as good as mine!"

At this moment, the screen beside them flickered.

Many large screens were hung up in many areas of the side hall. Previously, publicity images from various films had revolved on these screens. Right now, the images had changed, and all of them displayed the scene outside. All the people that had been joking and chatting a moment ago stopped as their expressions changed.

On the screen, the scene showed that people were thronging the streets outside the venue.

As the scene cut, all sorts of people could be seen. There were film buffs, professional film crews that took up a few rooftops, entertainment reporters situated at their own designated locations nearby the venue, and die-hard fans of each and every actor.

There were even people at the balconies of nearby residential buildings or at public plazas watching the time and keeping their eyes peeled on large screens displaying the live broadcast.

A cameraman who was on break glanced at the slowly fading sunset glow and shouted to the others in his team, "Time to get ready!"

As the curtain of night gradually approached, the high-rise lights on the main Corale island started to shine.

Fang Zhao could even see people who seemed like bodyguards armed to the teeth accompanying the professional film crews

The atmosphere in the side hall had started to fluctuate following the changes in the scene. The organizers had already started arranging for people to enter the venue. Celebrities not gracing the red carpet were to enter the theater in batches.

"Do you know why so many people strive to win an opportunity to grace the red carpet?" Anna asked Fang Zhao, her eyes still fixed on the display.

Fang Zhao glanced over and waited for Anna to continue.

"Have you seen previous editions of the 'Golden Series TV Gala'?" asked Anna.

"I have," replied Fang Zhao.

There were top-notch film crews throughout the world gathered here. One had to be prepared to be filmed from the moment one revealed their face.

Why had Nanfeng continuously emphasized and paid particular attention to every single detail of Fang Zhao's appearance?

The majority of composing was done behind the scenes, whereas actors stood right in front of the cameras. Now, countless cameras would capture images of celebrities in high definition from practically the moment they appeared.

In addition, there were large quantities of critics camped before the live broadcast screens watching closely and ready to catch any slipups.

"It's good that you have seen it. However, watching and experiencing it for yourself is really different. Have you prepared yourself mentally?" Anna asked.

"Done," Fang Zhao replied.

"Nervous?"

"No."

Whatever else Anna might have prepared to say remained stuck in her throat.

She studied every fine detail on Fang Zhao's face and realized that Fang Zhao wasn't lying. There wasn't a single trace of nervousness!

But after recalling that Fang Zhao was a celebrity and had appeared at many public occasions as well as onstage at the Galaxy Awards Ceremony, Anna didn't find it that strange either.

When the last natural light disappeared beyond the horizon, Golden TV Series Gala's stage, Golden Coral Theater, was lit up by dazzling lights, taking on the shape of a large golden coral.

The sounds of a bugle signified the prologue for the "Golden TV Series Gala."

Boom Boom Boom!

Earsplitting fireworks shot into the night sky as colors filled the night sky like a peacock spreading its tail.

These weren't real fireworks but special effects created by light and sound.

Numerous light-projection machines throughout the island propagated the mood, sending the entire island into an impassioned state.

Ocean-blue waves of light shone at the center of the theater before rippling out in all directions. Above it, dazzling flares burst open, as if all of tonight's passion was in them, forming projections of all sorts of huge coral in the air!

Blots of light scattering in all directions shimmered and flitted across tall buildings, following the blue waves of light as they descended onto the crowd.

These artistic light effects that were like fireworks were continuously beamed up into the sky, turning the plain-looking night sky into a dazzling and multi-colored dream.

The mood of the crowd was ignited as they watched these life-like light effects that appeared within reach.

It was as though the stereo equipment released a formless blade, assaulting the auditory senses of the crowd wave by wave.

The sounds of the tide seemingly became an electric current, brushing across everyone's skin and making every hair on their bodies stand. Many people felt as if an uncontrollable impulse was threatening to overflow!

A long and narrow stage rose up 20 meters in the wide-open space before the theater.

Countless "fireworks" made from special-effects lighting flew out from the 50-meter platform up in the air, forming huge waterfalls that streamed down from both sides of the path.

An ancient, solemn, and thick sound rang out.

Creak—

Near the top of the Golden Coral Theater, large doors with a golden coral imprint that only opened once a year started to move unhurriedly.

A red carpet from inside the golden-coral-imprinted doors rolled out along this elevated path.

Here, celebrities, directors, renowned film critics, and all sorts of influential persons in the film industry gathered at the summit of this golden pyramid of the entertainment circle.

As the midair carpet was laid on that elevated path, reporters and specialized cameramen had all prepared their equipment.

Outside, the countless film enthusiasts were an unrelenting tide with no end in sight. Their fiery enthusiasm threatened to overflow in all directions, and this whole region felt like it was on the verge of combusting!

Under this eye-dazzling and magnificent scene, the densely concentrated crowd was expressing the excitement within their hearts, shrieking frantically as their cries reached the sky and going head-on against the powerful sound effects!

All the blood within their bodies was resonating, and their hearts were pounding, seemingly out of control.

Thousands of screens throughout the island were displaying this same scene. As the shot passed the faces of all these excited fans, the reflections of these "fireworks" could be seen in their eyes.

The Galaxy Awards Ceremony, which was considered to be the pinnacle of the arts, was a calm and controlled affair.

But here, it seemed as if any level-headedness had already been thrown out the window! Right now, regardless of which continent a person was from, their state of mind had already aligned. This dizzying passion had made sound seemingly lose its significance. These people might not know what they were shouting, or perhaps they didn't need to know—it was fine as long as they could yell at the top of their lungs and vent their feelings that couldn't be suppressed.

Incapable of keeping calm!

Even those film emperors and empresses with decades of performing arts experience were unable to keep their composure when they arrived here every year and saw this scene.

Their struggles were all worth it! Wasn't it all just for this?

To stand in the hallowed light, that resplendent path in the eyes of millions!

What were the red carpet premieres of large-scale blockbusters compared to this!

What were the red carpets of galas everywhere compared to this!

The real focus, the real avenue of stars was right here!

Here, every celebrity would be embellished to the greatest extent!

Here, they were true kings!

Although the cameramen and entertainment reporters had different purposes, at this sort of time, they did the exact same thing: raise their mental states to the maximum so as to not miss even a tiny moment that could never again be replicated!

Every time a star walking along this path raised a hand, it would trigger a tsunami of sound.

The undulating shouts and shrieks had yet to rest since the beginning.

Fang Zhao waited in the side hall and watched the images shown on the live broadcast. He could feel the on-site fervor through the display.

Following the instructions of the organizers, Fang Zhao and Anna walked out of the waiting room. Outside, a flying car was already waiting.

"Later on, regardless of the shouting of anyone around, you must maintain your composure. Don't keep looking over if you hear people calling your name. Maintain your own rhythm," Anna told Fang Zhao as soon as they got in the car.

"Got it. Thank you, Senior Sister."

"You don't have to worry. Senior Sister will lead you along."