Volume 4

Chapter 386 -  Causing Trouble

Chapter 386: Causing Trouble

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

After sending Fang Zhao and the others back to base, Song Ping went and reported to Commanding Officer Flemington.

“Fang Zhao didn’t hear anything useful?” This was what Flemington was most concerned with.

“No,” Song Ping replied.

Flemington immediately looked disappointed; however, he had already anticipated this outcome.

“Seems like these rumors were all exaggerated,” Flemington sighed and waved his hands dismissively. “Never mind, just bring this bunch to have fun. If they have fun, they will be willing to spend. Are they easy to bring along?”

Song Ping recalled the few special guests’ behavior today and reported honestly, “They are still alright. A little squeamish, but they don’t behave that much worse than others. Zaro and Woo Tianhao were really happy while driving the cars and said that they would donate a fleet to us!”

“Haha that’s good!” The disappointment in Flemington’s heart disappeared in an instant.

As long as the special guests didn’t cause trouble and were willing to donate more stuff, they would definitely benefit with this collaboration with this project team.

“Carry out Plan A,” Flemington said in a relaxed manner.

When the program team came calling, Commanding Officer Flemington had discussed with the other high level officers of the base and came up with two sets of response plans. If the special guests performed well, they would cooperate to the greatest extent, which was their aforementioned “Plan A”. If the guests threw their weight around and caused trouble, the base would be forceful and let this bunch suffer some hardship in “Plan B”.

Now that everything seemed to be going smoothly, Flemington also chose to take the path of “Plan A” . This way, the program team could film in peace, and they would all be relaxed as well. Everyone would get what they needed and both sides would benefit.

After Song Ping left, Flemington was in a good mood as he browsed through the photos and videos of the five special guests that Song Ping had submitted. They had all been taken today.

But somehow, as Flemington flipped through them, he felt that something seemed a little off.

Weren’t the bunch of creatures being laid out like salted fish on the ground the hardest pests to exterminate at the base?!

Flemington thought that he had seen wrong. He rubbed his eyes and took a closer look at the photograph. There was nothing wrong with his eyes; those really were the things that caused him so much headache!

Just now, Song Ping had said that Fang Zhao’s dog that was worth 200 million was a little helper at catching pests. He had thought that Song Ping said it as a joke and was exaggerating, but it was really true!

Nightfall descended on the base.

Outside, sand and dust filled the sky, and the raging storm had yet to pass. However, the inside of the base was rather peaceful.

There were very few entertainment facilities and enriching entertainment activities at the base. There wasn’t free internet access either, so many people slept early.

Fang Zhao had great pickings today. He had gained quite some inspiration when they were out today and wrote down some musical scores before lying down to rest. Instead of sleeping, he quietly listened to the various sorts of sounds.

Although the base had decent soundproofing, as long as Fang Zhao concentrated, he could also hear the the wind and sand blowing against the base.

That was a natural rhythm that was impossible for a person to create.

Wind, sand, rocks, land, and the solid barrier that man had created. This was the sound of all those things interacting with each other.

All of these sounds formed individual musical notes in Fang Zhao’s mind, forming a score that specifically belonged to Planet Bu.

Suddenly, Fang Zhao distantly heard some minute unfamiliar notes and tones that were difficult to catch.

That little bit of sound was feeble, like the activity of ants beneath the feet of humans. It could be extinguished at any moment, yet it still struggled and fortunately could still rush out.

The beat that was both strong and weak had intervals that seemed to have been measured by the world’s most accurate metronome. It didn’t get tired and continued over and over like a beckon, yet also like a plea.

What exactly was that?

Just as Fang Zhao was pondering, Curly Hair groaned and ran over to the side of Fang Zhao’s bed.

Fang Zhao opened his eyes and glanced at Curly Hair.

Curly Hair whimpered, staring at Fang Zhao with innocent eyes. He was so serious that his tail wasn’t wagging.

This sort of behavior by Curly Hair was seeking permission. Back when they were at home, this meant that he wanted to game. But now, Fang Zhao didn’t think that Curly Hair had called him in the middle of night because he wanted to game. Wouldn’t Curly Hair be asking for a beating for making a fuss and wanting to game in the middle of the night?

“You also hear it? That sound,” Fang Zhao asked. He didn’t know why, but he felt that Curly Hair had surely heard that sound.

“Woof!” Curly Hair wagged his tail and spun around before running a few steps towards the door then turning to face Fang Zhao.

Fang Zhao didn’t move and remained seated on the bed.

He was pondering.

He didn’t know what that sound was, but it probably wasn’t a threat. If it had been other important information, the base would have probably have caught the message.

If even the base couldn’t catch it, yet he heard it…

Fang Zhao also couldn’t determine whether it was a good or bad thing. After that time on Planet Baiji, it might have seemed impressive, but Fang Zhao knew that he was being eyed by a lot of people. Many scientists wished to study his ears, and there were people who even discussed about whether they could get a hold of Fang Zhao’s body should he pass away, whether naturally or by accident.

This time, he could pretend as if nothing had happened and follow the program team as well as the base’s arrangements. He’d complete the season of filming before returning back and continuing with his life.

When Curly Hair noticed that Fang Zhao was unmoving, he ran over,raised his dog paws to tug at Fang Zhao’s pants, and whimpered.

Fang Zhao suddenly laughed as he watched Curly Hair.

He got up and straightened his clothes before patting Curly Hair’s head. “Hide it well.”

…

Song Ping was currently watching “Founding Era”. He took a look at the time, realized it was already getting late, and decided to go to bed after this episode.

Just that before this episode finished broadcasting, Song Ping received Fang Zhao’s call.

“Sound? What sound… Wait a minute!! Explain it in detail!”

Song Ping couldn’t care less about the series and questioned hurriedly. He was full of anticipation and anxiety.

Elsewhere, Flemington was in good spirits after handling today’s matters and had rested early. He was currently in a deep slumber when he was jolted awake by a call.

It was rare for Flemington to be sleeping so well, so his mood darkened when he was roused. However, he knew that a call at this time would surely mean an urgent matter, so he had no time to be angry and quickly put it through.

“WHAT???!”

Flemington was so startled he tumbled of the bed.

On the other end, Song Ping said rather hurriedly, “Fang Zhao said he heard some sounds. However, I asked some specialists about the sorts of sounds he was hearing and they couldn’t provide any conclusive answers. It is possible that it has nothing to do with our base, and the instruments aren’t able to detect it as well.”

“That’s the way!!” Would it still be significant if the instruments could detect it?! Flemington could hardly hold back his excitement.

Back then, Planet Baiji’s instruments couldn’t detect the ore, but Fang Zhao could hear it!

Flemington’s breathing became heavier when he recalled the history of Planet Baiji’s rise to prominence.

Hahaha, I never expected that I would also see such a day! Every cloud really has a silver lining!

Without caring about anything else, Flemington put on clothes as fast he could and rushed out of the bedroom.

Fang Zhao was led by Song Ping to Flemington’s office, and in no time, Planet Bu’s most authoritative figure came striding over.

“Hahaha! Fang Zhao, I have heard about you for a long time! I finally get to see you today!”

Flemington was brimming with enthusiasm as he took Fang Zhao’s hand in two of his own and shook them vigorously. He eyed Fang Zhao as though he had seen his own father.

Beside him, Song Ping thought to himself:

Sir, restrain yourself a little! Don’t scare him away!

Flemington didn’t care about what others thought and hurriedly asked Fang Zhao, “You said you heard a sound our base’s instruments couldn’t detect? Is it ore?”

“No,” Fang Zhao replied.

Flemington’s mood… seemed to take a sharp nosedive.

Song Ping coughed lightly. “Fang Zhao said the sound seems like something emitted from electrical equipment.”

“Electrical equipment?” Flemington calmed down. “It isn’t the sound emitted from our outpost or equipment scattered at other areas?”

“Probably not.” Song Ping explained, “We don’t have many outposts here, and there are only so many equipment we use at the nearby outposts which are all available at the base. I have already let Fang Zhao listen to them, and he says it isn’t from one of those.”

Song Ping wasn’t an impulsive person, and he would only report it to Flemington after confirming the details.

“If it isn’t equipment we use at the base or outposts…” Flemington quashed the disappointment in his heart. His face stiffened as the first thing he thought was:

Spy!

As though he could guess Song Ping and Flemington’s thoughts, Fang Zhao replied, “It probably isn’t a spy. It doesn’t seem to have invasive properties.”

“Reason?” Flemington frowned and stared at Fang Zhao.

“Feeling,” Fang Zhao replied.

Flemington was at a loss for words.

Curly Hair was lying by Fang Zhao’s feet. He raised his head to look at Flemington before turning to Fang Zhao. Those innocent looking eyes appeared as though he completely didn’t understand what these people were saying.

Flemington pondered for a bit. “Regardless whether this sound has any invasive properties or not, we must get to the bottom of this matter!”

Flemington brought up the weather forecast, studying it before asking Fang Zhao. “Can you determine which direction it is coming from?”

“Yes.” Fang Zhao pointed at a direction.

“How far? Flemington asked again.

“I can’t say for certain, but it isn’t within the scope of the base.”

“Then is that sound still emitting? Did you hear it last night?” Flemington continued his questioning.

“I didn’t hear it last night, but it is still sounding now,” Fang Zhao replied truthfully.

Fang Zhao was certain he didn’t hear it last night and Curly Hair hadn’t acted out of the ordinary either. That sound definitely wasn’t being emitted last night. Of course, there was the possibility that the sound had been further away so they hadn’t heard it.

“Fang Zhao, could you help out tonight? I will dispatch men to follow you out of the base to trace the source of the sound. The storm outside is starting to weaken. There shouldn’t be any storms that cannot be handled in the direction you pointed out in the next 20 hours.”

“Alright, but the program team starts filming tomorrow,” Fang Zhao said.

“Don’t worry, I will handle it.”

After thinking about it, Flemington added himself to the group he arranged to escort Fang Zhao. He couldn’t sit still in the base. Whether this was good or bad, he still had to get to the bottom of it.

The base was very efficient, and Flemington very quickly dispatched men, cars, and flying transports to bring Fang Zhao out of the base. A whole squad of people headed out in the direction where Fang Zhao had pointed out.

In the base.

Barbara was painting her nails. After today’s trip out, the designs on her nails were messed up.

Because of Barbara’s high standards, she spent two to three hours removing the nail polish before applying a manicure. Only the last bit was left.

Barbara’s attendant was painting a design an artist had constructed personally for her. She had originally wanted the design to be embedded, but when she thought about how she had lost her diamond ring today, she changed her plans and at the same time pondered how to get her revenge on Zaro. For example… conning him of 100 million?

As she was deep in thought, a bodyguard who accompanied her over to Planet Bu rushed over and said some words to Barbara in a low soft voice.

Barbara’s finger trembled and the design on her nails that was almost completed ruined. By her side, her attendant hung her head and didn’t dare let out a squeak.

However, this time Barbara didn’t care about her nails and only asked the bodyguard solemnly, “Is the news verified?”

“Verified! Flemington has already brought Fang Zhao out of the base.”

“Chase after them!”

“Yes! I will dispatch someone to trail them in secret…”

The side of Barbara’s lip curled upwards. “No need. Just go follow them openly. I will personally bring people over!”

“It’s too dangerous! Would Flemington try to do anything funny to us outside?” Another bodyguard replied worriedly.

“They wouldn’t dare!” Barbara didn’t want to continue explaining and arranged for her men to borrow a car from the base . She called over another bodyguard and told him, “Leave Zaro’s side a message. Let him know that Fang Zhao heard something. Flemington is currently bringing him along to search.”

“What about the others? Do we tell them too?” The bodyguard asked.

“No need. Once Zaro learns about it, the other two will also know,” Barbara said assuredly.

At Zaro’s side.

Zaro was currently writing out a message at a tremendous speed. His mind was filled with stuff he wanted to grumble and complain to his grandfather about. After he was finished with the draft, he set it to send automatically when internet access became available.

Zaro’s agent couldn’t sleep from worry either. He was thinking about how to face Barbara’s wrath tomorrow.

A accompanying bodyguard came over hurriedly and told Zaro the information he had just received.

“For real?!” Zaro had a look of pleasant surprise. He had been thoroughly engrossed in drafting his message and hadn’t completely stepped out from the spoiled and adorable character he used with the Leizhou governor.

“The information is verified.”

“Great!!”

Zaro tossed aside all other thoughts and immediately called Woo Tianhao over to conspire and cause trouble.

This wasn’t an obligation of friendship. Zaro also didn’t analyze things as incisively as Barbara. However, he knew that pulling an extra person along meant more guarantees. It was just like finding someone to share the blame when causing trouble. At the end of the day, if everything went wrong, he wouldn’t have to suffer alone.

“Could it be that he discovered ore again?!” This was Zaro’s first thought.

“Probably not. This planet doesn’t seem to be the sort that has power ores. And even if it did, the ores wouldn’t be of a high grade and wouldn’t have any extracting value.

“Then could it be aliens?” Zaro made another guess.

“… To be precise, we are the aliens to the native organisms of this planet,” Woo Tianhao retorted.

“Then it must surely be some other important matter! I know this fellow Fang Zhao. Although he isn’t as handsome as me, his ears are even sharper than a dog’s! Perhaps what he heard will be a startling discovery. We mustn’t miss out on it!” Zaro thought that Woo Tianhao was afraid.

Woo Tianhao wasn’t afraid; he was weighing the pros and cons, yet his brain had some areas that worked in a similar manner to Zaro’s. After the conspiring, he realized that there was still too much pressure on the two of them. herefore, they got a hold of Mitisy, who couldn’t sleep and was preparing to head to the exercise hall.

Mitisy froze when he heard what the other two said. He then handed his tennis racket over to a bodyguard and made a subtle hand gesture. That bodyguard left with the tennis racket and returned a short while later,whispering something to Mitisy.

After, Mitisy joined Zaro and Woo Tianhao in their covert activities.

“How about we first secretly…”

Just when this was suggested, they found out that Barbara had already brought a whole bunch of people and left the base with great fanfare.

The three: “…”

What is there to sneak about? Hurry up! Gather men and set out!

The three didn’t tarry, and just like Barbara, they borrowed vehicles and flying transports from the base with their entourage in tow.

At the area of the other program team members.

The director was studying the script intently. He had just discussed it with the screenwriter and added in a few topics to emphasize which could make the entire program better.

Full marks!

A godly masterpiece!

Breathtaking plot, dramatic ups and downs, how thrilling!

With five high-level special guests alongside such a script, the program would definitely make a comeback!

Calling on a few other program team members who couldn’t sleep from excitement, the director said confidently, “This time we will definitely soar!:

The other members were ecstatic. A pay raise was before them!

“Tomorrow, we will first…”

The beaming director hadn’t even finished speaking when he received a notice from Bu Base——”Program filming is to be postponed and Fang Zhao will be borrowed.”

Director: “…”

He was pissed!

The director didn’t know the reason why Fang Zhao had been borrowed by the military. However, he felt that he should first placate the other special guests. Who knew if they would have any grievances?

The director made a call to Zaro’s agent. He had yet to say anything when he heard the sound of wind whistling as a motorcade drove across sand.

There were also the excited “whoops” of Zaro and Woo Tianhao beside.

Director: “…”

Forget about everything else first. His heart was tired.