Volume 4

Chapter 382 - Cherishing The Young

Chapter 382: Cherishing The Young

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

The program team’s time constraints were rather tight. For this season, there would be five special guests. Besides Fang Zhao, Zaro, Barbara, and Woo Tianhao, there was also Mitisy.

Indeed, Maersizhou’s former tennis athlete Mitisy who had just recently retired was also a special guest. This was a surprise since the program team hadn’t even considered inviting this fellow. Rather, he had voluntarily contacted them.

Past editions of this program had struggled to even invite two satisfactory special guests, yet this time, so many “heavyweights” had appeared.

The program team had a rare confidence due to this edition’s line up. They stood a little straighter and wished to shout out it out. However, because of the restrictions of the confidentiality agreement, they couldn’t leak it in private nor public.

After the five special guests had signed on the dotted line, the program team immediately started early publicity. Firstly, they wanted to attract even more attention so that there would be topics from pre-production all the way until filming concluded.

Just as the program team had anticipated, the news release of the special guests garnered all sorts of attention.

Most reactions were: “What the heck is this?!”

“‘Up Close Contact’? What sort of program is this? I’ve never heard of this before!”

Upon further searching, they found it was a “variety program with the nature of poverty alleviation?”

“Four out of five special guests are from big and powerful families! They are all from family clans of the Great Generals!”

“Such a powerful array of special guests, seemingly bathed in a golden glow , is forming a team to alleviate poverty?”

It was reasonable to say that if these four young masters and mistresses from top aristocratic families went to provide poverty alleviation, even a dried-up and barren place could flourish. However, this line up gave off an extremely unreliable vibe.

“Poverty alleviation isn’t as simple as donating. Would this idiot Zaro straight away start throwing money at them?”

“How does Barbara all decked out in luxury goods seem as though she is going to provide aid? Isn’t this just going on a vacation?!”

“Didn’t Woo Tianhao say when publicizing his new film that the sequel was in the works? Isn’t he just jumping on the bandwagon to promote the sequel?”

“Mazhou’s Prince of Tennis Mitisy’s first stop after retiring is poverty alleviation? Is he carrying out an assignment for his family clan?”

“It feels like a large game of chess. Am I neglecting any recent important activity?”

“There is still Fang Zhao! Don’t forget about Fang Zhao! Four out of the five special guests are noveau riche. I just don’t believe that the last one would have a background beneath any of the others!”

“Indeed!” Renault’s Zaro, Lakalina family’s Barbara, Tongzhou Woo’s family’s Woo Tianhao and Mitisy Maersi, who recently created waves in Maersizhou, are all descendants of Great Generals! With this in mind, Fang Zhao definitely wouldn’t have an ordinary background! Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been dragged in together with this bunch!”

“Wasn’t this clarified before? Fang Zhao doesn’t originate from an aristocratic family.”

“The past doesn’t represent the future. Take a look at Mazhou’s Mitisy. He just had the Great General’s family name added in during the press conference. Who would have expected that?”

“Makes sense. Perhaps that means Fang Zhao concealed his aristocratic family status!”

“Agreed! Even if he isn’t a Great General, he definitely wouldn’t be that much lower.”

More and more people online started to believe that Fang Zhao had a hidden aristocratic family background.

As for the explanation that Fang Zhao had given out before?

We won’t listen to it! Surely someone is up to something! Don’t think about deceiving us! Because of Mitisy’s situation, your background has long been seen through by us!

Even Yanzhou’s Silver Wing’s Media Affairs manager hurriedly went through Fang Zhao’s information a few times when he saw this but wasn’t able to discover any evidence. Unless Fang Zhao had the most important information hidden, otherwise…it was netizens having a hyperactive imagination.

In a certain Huangzhou hotel, Great-grandfather Fang flew into a fit of rage and nearly smashed the walnuts in his hand when he saw the online discussions. Great-grandmother Fang hurriedly snatched the walnuts over and stuffed a slipper into his hands.

Great-grandfather stared quietly at the slipper in his hand for two seconds before using all his strength and threw it to the ground, creating a loud slapping sound.

“Nonsense! Our Little Zhao has not a damn relation to a Great General’s family clan!”

Great-grandfather Fang was vexed. Why was it that regardless of whatever explanations were given, that bunch just wouldn’t believe it?

“Aristocratic family? In another 50…No, in another 20 years, our Little Zhao himself would be an aristocrat! And a big one at that!”

Great-grandfather Fang had this much confidence. In his eyes, Fang Zhao was a genius among geniuses that was all-powerful in all aspects! No one could compare to him!

‘Up Close Contact’ had just released this news coupled with a little operation on their side. It quickly became hotly discussed by the entire internet. A portion of people discussed whether the few aristocrats were plotting a certain something; another portion guessed whether Fang Zhao had an aristocratic family background, while the remaining people delighted in following the excitement.

Of course, there were also some celebrities who started having ideas when they saw this news.

Before Zaro was thrown into this program by General Renault, ‘Up Close Contact’s’ program team had approached quite a few celebrities with quite some reputation, but they all had rejected them. Now, regardless of whether it was that bunch that were approached for this season or for previous seasons, every one of them automatically contacted the program team, trying to get in.

Every season’s headcount was more or less around five, but it wasn’t set in stone. At times when they were short, there would be around two or three guests. Other times, there could be about six or seven guests. Now, five had been officially announced, so two more would still be fine. That was what many people assumed, but the program team had decided to have only five special guests this time around. The program team attached high importance to this season and had no intention of letting other celebrities on board. These few alone would make the program team very busy as it was.

The program team tactfully declined those celebrities that had voluntarily approached them and expressed that they were caught in the crossfire. Firstly, they didn’t dare offend the special guests, and secondly, they didn’t dare cause trouble at the side of the military garrison, so they could only leave it as that. Their tone was very polite and expressed that they had no other way. Facing big names, they pretended to be apologetic to the fullest extent and didn’t put on any airs. When they encountered more minor celebrities, they still laughed along together with these celebrities. This was the first time they experienced such a situation, and it delighted them to no end. Their intent to rise from the ashes with this season became even more intense.

While this was all being hotly discussed online, people from the Poverty Alleviation Office were speaking with Zaro’s father, General Renault.

“Are you really sure? This time it has been really hyped up, and the process of recording the program would be even more strict and be slightly tough.” A certain head in the Poverty Alleviation Office said.

General Renault didn’t really care. “No problem, just let him go over and suffer some hardship. Since he loves the entertainment circles so much, and since it happens that you have a program related to the entertainment, I will just throw him in. I wouldn’t dare let him get involved in other programs.” In his opinion, this sort of entertainment variety program that was all about selling foolish behavior to achieve the objective was most suitable for his son.

This was a person who was merciless when tricking his own son.

The Poverty Alleviation Office head laughed before retracting his smile and saying solemnly, “Let me emphasize this once again. Poverty alleviation is a very serious matter. Even if it is an entertainment variety, it also isn’t a place for them to play around and have fun!”

“Don’t worry. I have already spoken to Zaro. If he creates a fuss, I will smack his bottom!” General Renault guaranteed.

Zaro felt really wronged after being tricked by his own father.

Does he know how difficult it is to film this sort of entertainment program? Does he think that top variety programs don’t require acting skills?!

This day was also the appointed day set by the project team to leave.

This time, Fang Zhao brought along Nanfeng, Zuo Yu, and Yan Biao, as well as Curly Hair.

Great-grandfather and Great-grandmother Fang insisted on sending Fang Zhao to the space port before leaving. Great-grandfather had his own ideas. He wanted to see how the program team was like and what sort of allocations the other special guests had. Fang Zhao felt that he had brought along enough people this time, but Great-grandfather Fang didn’t think so. Given Fang Zhao’s current fame, one assistant and two bodyguards were still too little. However, the program team was headed to a military base on a foreign planet, so they couldn’t be too casual. He would see the situation first before saying more.

The program team had set a designated gathering spot near Huangzhou Space Port. When Fang Zhao arrived, only the people from the program team were there. The other special guests were nowhere to be seen.

A staffer explained to Fang Zhao, “The other four will arrive shortly.”

A short while later, Mitisy arrived in casual attire with a backpack and shades. He entered the lounge and took off his shades, revealing dark eye circles. He yawned when he took a seat.

Mitisy had been confident and relaxed when he spoke about his retirement during the press conference. However, after really retiring, he hadn’t slept well at all. This time when the family elders heard Leizhou, Lazhou, and Tongzhou were all sending people to participate in this poverty alleviation entertainment program, they also kicked him in, saying that it would surely improve his insomnia and that he should treat it as a post-retirement adaptation process.

After, Mitisy, Woo Tianhao, Zaro, and Barbara arrived in succession, each besting the other in a show of extravagance.

Great-grandfather Fang stifled his anger when he saw the others bringing along a whole horde of bodyguards and assistants. In order not to falsely accuse anyone, he still specially went to verify it with the program team staff to check how many men each of the other four special guests brought. With one look, Great-grandfather Fang had discovered that the four special guests all brought more people than Fang Zhao!

Mitisy had two assistants and four bodyguards. Woo Tianhao had brought along a seven-man entourage. As for Zaro and Barbara, each of them brought a team of 10. If not for the fact that the program team had limited them to a maximum of 10 people, they would have wanted to bring along 10 cars worth of people.

Great-grandfather Fang was so angry his face turned purple. Were they going to provide poverty alleviation or to take a vacation? How outrageous! Especially that Zaro!

But after hearing Zaro and the others chatting, Great-grandfather Fang suddenly felt that his anger had subsided considerably. It had turned into consolation.

The way Zaro was, wanting to let others be at ease, bringing a whole contingent wasn’t enough!

Great-grandfather even felt some sympathy towards their parents.

Sigh, forget it, not every family’s children are as smart and lovable as my Little Zhao.

Great-grandfather Fang thought to himself.

Before Fang Zhao set off, Great-grandfather Fang pulled him to the side and exhorted. “Make sure to pay more attention when you are on a foreign planet. Although the location hasn’t been revealed yet, it would surely be a tough and desolate place. Little Zhao, your own safety is paramount!”

Great-grandfather particularly emphasized ‘your own safety is paramount’ to make sure Fang Zhao looked out for himself first. As for the others, that would come later.

After which he increased his volume and let more people hear his words. “Film the program properly and take care of the young kids! Cherishing the young is an important virtue!”

The reason he had said this was because Great-grandfather Fang had already checked. Among the five special guests, Fang Zhao was the youngest. Looking after the younger ones in the cast and crew was correct. The others should look out for Fang Zhao more!

Fang Zhao was silent for a few seconds before nodding his head. “I understand.”

“That’s good!” Great-grandfather Fang’s smiled deepened. He felt more relaxed having gotten this answer from Fang Zhao.