Volume 4

Chapter 383 - Program Team Scammed Me!

Chapter 383: Program Team Scammed Me!

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

This time around, Fang Zhao didn’t request for absolute secrecy. There were so many people within the program team, and it would be impossible to have complete confidentiality. Being secretive and trying to cover things up would only make others suspicious. However, Fang Zhao requested for the program team to minimize Curly Hair’s screen time and film presence as much as possible.

The program team readily agreed to Fang Zhao’s request and added it into the contract. In any case, they saw it as just a dog, not an important issue. The main focus was the process of five special guests embarking onto an arduous foreign planet and experiencing its hardships and tough lifestyle.

Great-grandfather and Great-grandmother Fang watched as the shuttle carrying Fang Zhao and the film group left before leaving the spaceport with the others that had come to see them off. Fang Zhao had already made arrangements for personnel to look after them and send the two elders back to Yanzhou.

Upon returning to Yanzhou, Great-grandfather Fang started to recommend this program to others. Although it was still some time before production would be complete and the program broadcasted, official publicity had already begun! How could he lag behind himself!

At the other side, after the shuttle left earth, the program team changed to a spacecraft at the space station before heading to their destination.

This wasn’t Fang Zhao’s first time leaving earth, but it was a surreal and wonderful experience each time. The steps of humankind were still ceaselessly progressing. Having gone through that 100 years of calamity, humankind now knew to plan ahead. Their footsteps and sights could be set even further now.

Fang Zhao also didn’t count on this poverty alleviation program to be able to massively change the fortunes of these impoverished planets. However, it was better than nothing. They would take a look at the situation first and help whatever little they could.

“We are already so far along. You all ought to be able to tell us where we are headed now right?” Woo Tianhao said huffily.

The program team staff didn’t take offence with Woo Tianhao’s tone. They themselves wouldn’t be able to keep their calm if they were placed in his shoes.

“Director?” A staff member glanced at the program team’s director.

The director coughed lightly and nodded his head. “Planet Bu.”

As he spoke, he got someone to turn on a projection and introduced the circumstances of Planet Bu.

What sort of place was Planet Bu?

Barren, desolate, and a mediocre planet that didn’t have much of a presence when placed amongst a multitude of planets waiting to be developed.

Although its position on the development sequence wasn’t right at the tail end, it was still sufficiently towards the back. Sometime ago, it had still been placed before Planet Baiji on the development sequence until Baiji charged forward due to the discovery of power ore stores. As a result, planet Bu was pushed further behind.

From the map, seventy to eighty percent of the planet’s surface was filled with deserts and oceans. In terms of natural resources and landscape, it was a far cry away from Planet Baiji and Planet Wai. Furthermore, compared to other planets that were even more suited for human habitation, many areas of Planet Bu had low pressure and low oxygen. Many people who came over would develop symptoms similar to altitude sickness or be unable to adapt well. This was also why the program team cared so much about the special guests’ physical conditions. All guests that were contracted would have to go through medical examinations and would only be able to come upon meeting all the requirements.

Planet Bu wasn’t given the treatment a planet suitable for emigration would receive. Although its living conditions were slightly worse when compared to Planet Baiji and Planet Wai, it was better in some regards because it was safe and simple. Away from those places with vile climates, the base’s safe zone offered sufficient freedom and space.

But at the same time, because they were near the back of the development sequence, major enhancements had yet to begin. The current conditions were still really arduous, and it was impossible to go online as one pleased. The cost of constructing communications facilities were even higher than Planet Baiji’s, so the program team had said at the start that there would be only recording but no live broadcasts.

The five guests who had just seen Planet Bu’s introduction and videos——

Woo Tianhao, who had been prepared to display his skills, fight monsters, and act pretentious during live broadcasts:

The program team scammed me!

Barbara, who had anticipated being able to shoot many beautiful photos and videos:

The program team scammed me!

Mitisy, who had listened to the suggestions of his family elders that coming over for a ‘vacation’ would help in curing insomnia:

The people in my family scammed me!

Zaro, who had long been mentally prepared, wrote an electronic message to the Leizhou governor: “My father scammed me again! Your cute and lovable smiling angel of a grandson is about to suffer a hellish torture!”

Fang Zhao, who didn’t have much expectation towards where they would go:

The introduction says that the base has a high degree of freedom? Should be a good place for dog-walking.

After learning about the overall situation at Planet Bu, among the five guests, four appeared dispirited. Only Fang Zhao was going through the data of Planet Bu meticulously.

Each guest had brought along some supplies for the military garrison on Bu Base. However, they wouldn’t be sending it over personally, and the spaceport had personnel specially in charge to do so.

“Isn’t this spaceport a little too small?” Zaro used his pinky finger to emphasize it. “It’s just a dot. They are indeed poor!”

“The base is also small. Their total manpower isn’t even half of Planet Baiji’s in their early days.” Mitisy sounded disappointed but was a little curious. This could be considered the first time he had truly come to a faraway place.

“Are there really no hunting conditions?” Woo Tianhao was also unresigned.

The program team replied with slight smiles.

“First timers here will probably require three to seven days to adapt. We have set aside seven days of preparation time for everyone,” a staff member in the program team said.

An officer from the base, Colonel Song Ping, received them. He could still be considered young and was tanned. His attitude was amiable, but he was still slightly stern.

On the shuttle to the base’s airport, Zaro twitched his nose, sniffing all around.

Barbara painted her nails absentmindedly. “What does your dog nose smell this time?”

“A strange scent…” Zaro responded. “Who are you calling a dog?!”

Seeing that they were going to bicker again, the program team’s staff diverted their attention. “The base has already prepared rooms for everyone. Bring all your stuff and don’t forget any important items!”

Nanfeng hurriedly grabbed Curly Hair and stayed at Fang Zhao’s side. In his opinion, besides his boss, the most valuable object was Curly Hair. He absolutely needed to watch this dog properly. If Curly Hair got lost, who knew if someone would catch and eat him up.

Upon entering the base, Colonel Song Ping provided them an electronic map. The map displayed the areas where they could move about.

Generally, just following the base’s protocol and going about their own stuff wouldn’t pose any danger. The degree of freedom here was very high. This was also the reason why the program team had chosen Bu Base. If it were elsewhere, although conditions would be better, their activities would encounter too many restrictions and filming wouldn’t be so carefree.

Fang Zhao moved into the room the base had prepared for them. Every special guest had a suite, and their assistants and bodyguards stayed nearby. These had all been settled during negotiations between the program team and the base to prevent a situation where people couldn’t react in time if an accident occurred. Nothing could be allowed to happen to any of these special guests!

Fang Zhao’s side had the least men. Nanfeng directed Zuo Yu and Yan Biao to tidy up the things in the room and install the various equipments that improved the living conditions in the room. He had heard that the difference in temperature between day and night here was huge. The resources at the base were limited, and the base might not be able to look after them the entire time.

As someone who had undergone military service, Fang Zhao himself had said that he didn’t have high requirements for the place he stayed in. Nanfeng hadn’t been nit-picky about all this originally. However, when he saw the areas of the other four special guests buzzing with activity, Nanfeng couldn’t stand by and watch.

If those areas are luxurious, then our side can’t be worse! Install all modifications. In any case, the base didn’t say that they couldn’t install their own facilities and equipment.

On the first day of arriving at Bu Base, many people in the program team weren’t adapting well until base personnel sent over breathing masks. Those with more severe reactions were sent for treatment. This wasn’t much of a problem; they just needed some more time than others to adapt. The base’s breathing masks were made according to the conditions of the environment and would aid newcomers in adapting to Planet Bu. .

Breathing masks were also delivered to the five special guests and their parties.

Somewhere in the base, Colonel Song Ping, who had received the program team, was called up to report on the situation.

Base Commander Flemington, who had just returned to the base, rotated his shoulders and stretched his back. He shut his weary eyes and asked grudgingly, “How are things there? Have the breathing masks been delivered?”

“They have been delivered. The others are still okay, but the five special guests aren’t using masks,” Song Ping delivered his report as it was.

“Eh?” Flemington’s eyes flashed open and asked with an interested expression. “Go on.”

“Former professional athlete Mitisy is still adapting fine. After he settled down, he didn’t react too poorly. Instead, he went to the exercise ground to play tennis for 10 minutes before returning to lie down.”

Flemington’s lips curled up into a grin. “That kid from the Maersi Family is rather impressive, even daring to do intensive exercise when the adaptation period isn’t over.”

“Woo Tianhao also adapted quite similarly to Mitisy. He said he wanted to test the limits of his body and went outside to practice his martial arts without wearing a breathing mask… He is currently sitting down.”

Flemington’s grin became wider. “A little of the Tongzhou’s family’s martial arts specialty. What about the others?”

“Zaro’s adaptability isn’t comparable to the first two. He went to receive treatment after entering the base…” Song Ping paused for a bit and said with a sort of complicated expression on his face. “He’s pretty riled up from cursing his father with his breathing mask tossed to the side.”

“Oh!” Flemington was happy. “Great spirit! This kid’s rebellious phase isn’t over yet? Continue, continue.”

“Barbara…although she says she didn’t feel so well, she bluntly rejected the breathing masks when they were sent over.”

“Reason?” Flemington asked.

Song Ping opened his mouth and said sheepishly, “It’s ugly.”

Flemington: “…This pretentious kid even rejected them because they doesn’t look great? If she dislikes them, then forget about it. Collect all the masks back! Right, what about Fang Zhao? He is the main focus. He should be adapting fine, right?”

Song Ping’s expression turned strange. “Fang Zhao has gone out to walk his dog.”

Flemington: “? ? ?”

This was the first time he had heard of such a thing. Actually being in the mood to walk a dog after arriving here? Wait, wasn’t the primary issue that Fang Zhao brought along a dog in the first place? Did that dog not have the slightest bit of adverse reaction either?

“And then?” Flemington.

“The soldiers on patrol there says that he seems to be in a cheerful mood while dog-walking and has no intention to return yet.”

“…”