Volume 4

Chapter 381 - Heading Out to Gather Materials

Chapter 381: Heading Out to Gather Materials

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Mo Lang was furious that this bunch from the entertainment circles loved picking fights and wouldn’t even let Fang Zhao off when he was pursuing advanced studies. They had even used the excuse of “Poverty Alleviation” to try to dupe him. Did they think that an old man like him had never collaborated with the Poverty Alleviation Office before?

When all was said and done, ‘Up Close Contact’ was still an entertainment variety program that didn’t have much effect. Just look where the program had gone. Were there any huge changes up till now? Weren’t they still the same?!

“They really are seizing every opportunity! It’s impossible to guard against them!” After speaking to Carter, Mo Lang decided on what to say later on.

Elsewhere, the program team contacted Fang Zhao and spoke in more detail about this program. At the same time, they emphasized that Fang Zhao was the first-ever special guest appointed by the base garrison. If Fang Zhao didn’t agree to participate, then this season’s location would have to shift.

Nanfeng sat at the side, listening the director and everyone else’s words in disdain.

Treacherous!

Bemoaning their hard-pressed situation was fine. According to Nanfeng’s understanding of Fang Zhao, his boss really wouldn’t care about how much he was paid for this sort of program that had a public welfare theme. But the program team were actually pretending to be pitiful before Fang Zhao!

With the director as the head of this group, they said a lot to Fang Zhao which could be summarized as——

We are bitter deep down!

We are also being forced to do this!

We are benefitting the soldiers garrisoned on foreign planets, letting even more people see their suffering!

Fang Zhao was no stranger to bases on other planets. He would definitely understand, right? It was said that his great-grandfather served aboard the spaceship Sirius during his military service and had gone through many hardships.

Your great-grandfather would surely support your decision to participate in this program

.

…

At Yanzhou’s Yanbei Retirement Facility, Great-grandfather Fang sneezed for no apparent reason.

Rubbing his itchy nose, Great-grandfather Fang put on an extra jacket and continued to twirl the two walnuts as he calmly bragged to the other old fellas in the retirement facility.

However, no matter how sincerely the program team put it, Fang Zhao wasn’t really a youngster and wouldn’t be easily deceived by their words. He understood well what this bunch in the program team were thinking about.

Fang Zhao calmly considered for some time and asked, “Can I bring a dog?”

The bunch that had been eagerly awaiting Fang Zhao’s decision: “??”

What? Bringing a dog when alleviating poverty?

This isn’t a a Muzhou farmland or pasture where pets could be simply brought over to play. Pets are so weak and feeble—a moment of carelessness could result in them losing their lives!

“I can’t? Then never mind,” Fang Zhao said.

The director studied Fang Zhao and probed, “What does ‘never mind’ mean?”

Fang Zhao also stared at the other party but didn’t say anything.

The director remained silent for quite awhile before saying, “Although we call ourselves a variety program, but we carry the objective of poverty alleviation. The place we are headed to will surely be arduous.”

“His ability to adapt is very high,” Fang Zhao said.

“It can still be done if you really have such a request. However, an agreement has to be signed.”

“Sure.”

The director’s facial muscles relaxed. In any case, as long as Fang Zhao didn’t pose a request that was too demanding, he would do his utmost to meet Fang Zhao’s needs. After all, it was the other side who had requested for Fang Zhao. In comparison to that, what was a pet dog? If he wanted to bring it along, then so be it. Everything would be fine as long as its owner was well taken care of.

The two sides progressed to more detailed negotiations regarding the other aspects of the program and recording. Nanfeng assumed the role of an interim manager and helped to settle the even finer details and issues.

After discussions were complete, Fang Zhao didn’t sign immediately but said instead, “I still have to speak to the teacher-in-charge and get his approval.”

“Yes, yes you should.” The director’s face had the vigor of having just solved a difficult question. He knew that Fang Zhao was still undergoing advanced studies and still had to undergo a procedure, thus he showed an understanding to Fang Zhao’s situation.

“We have already spoken with Prof. Carter. You don’t have to worry,” the director said.

“I know, I was talking about another teacher.” Fang Zhao smiled.

“Whom are you talking about? If it is needed, we can send someone to speak with him,” the director said immediately.

“Old Mr. Mo Lang.”

“…Cough, this… you can speak to Venerable Mo first. If it can’t be resolved… then we will step forward.”

They had of course heard of Mo Lang’s grand reputation. This old master had also collaborated many times with the Poverty Alleviation Office and was a highly respected old artist. At the same time, they also didn’t dare look for him straight away. The old master had quite the temper.

One should be terrified when it was time to be terrified.

After the people from the program team left, Fang Zhao had a video call with Mo Lang and shared his own views.

Fang Zhao had already prepared a portion of his graduation works. As for the remaining part, he still needed time and some catalysts.

This program, “Up Close Contact”, seemed like a decent catalyst.

Mo Lang believed Fang Zhao’s words. During the period in Mazhou where he had followed Carter and his team on assignment, Mo Lang was very pleased with the works and thesis that Fang Zhao submitted. Of course, Mo Lang also knew that just staying at one place without any experience to challenge one’s thoughts would make it difficult to produce and obtain inspiration. In turn, that would make it difficult for someone to produce breathtaking works. Since Fang Zhao had pledged, Mo Lang also wouldn’t go as far as to forcefully obstruct him.

Fang Zhao was a very special person and his works had never failed to leave Mo Lang pleasantly surprised. Mo Lang also eagerly anticipated what sort of graduation works Fang Zhao would submit.

Of course, this was what he had decided, but Mo Lang was still displeased deep down. He respected all sorts of art of various forms. He had also collaborated with many film and tv programs before, but he really didn’t like that sort of unconcealed pragmatism of the entertainment industry. Fang Zhao was a student he thought very highly of, and this bunch had come knocking during a very crucial moment in Fang Zhao’s advanced studies…

They are just asking for a scolding!

But whatever opinion he had of the program team, Mo Lang still wasn’t too strict with Fang Zhao, even if he didn’t smile.

“Remember what you said. I will leave you some assignments. Don’t forget to do them. Also, submit a thousand word explanation to request for absence. Not a single word less, or I won’t approve it!”

After the call ended, Fang Zhao did as Mo Lang requested and wrote a thousand word essay with the title being “Heading out to gather materials” as a request for absence.

When Mo Lang went through the “Heading out to gather materials” request for assistance, he turned around and spoke to a few “good friends” who managed departments of which included the Poverty Alleviation Office. Although he couldn’t change the outcome, he wouldn’t let this bunch treat this too lightly. Who knew when they would hoist such a noble banner to dupe people again!

At the other end, Fang Zhao started making preparations after signing the contract with the program team.

The sporting events at Mazhou were about to conclude soon. Prof. Carter and the others would also be leaving shortly. Fang Zhao left a Mazhou a day before them and returned to HuangArt to handle his leave application. After that, he headed to Yanzhou’s Yanbei Retirement Facility to visit the two old Fangs.

After learning that Fang Zhao would be taking part in this program, Great-grandfather Fang viciously criticized the program team behind their backs. There were so many variety programs, and the number with the theme of public welfare couldn’t even be counted with the fingers on one’s hands. Why did such a variety program that was heading to such a distant and tough place look for Fang Zhao?

“I’ve said it before, these people in the entertainment industry are just too cunning! Our Little Zhao is just too honest! Just too soft-hearted! He agrees to help the moment other people come running over with tears in their eyes!” Great-grandfather Fang twirled the walnuts in his palm vigorously as his heart ached tenderly.

And when he went online to search for previous editions of the program and watched them, his eyes turned red.

“My family’s Little Zhao is going to suffer hardships again!”

Regardless of how Fang Zhao explained, in his heart, Great-grandfather Fang had already believed firmly that it was this sinister and crafty bunch who were trying to latch onto Fang Zhao’s popularity and dupe him into suffering hardships!

Great-grandfather and Great-grandmother Fang insisted on sending off Fang Zhao this time.

Before setting off with the project team, Fang Zhao still needed to go for a medical examination at the program team’s designated location. This was a necessary procedure for this sort of program. People whose constitutions were too weak couldn’t take part. It was too dangerous and the place’s arduous conditions could result in loss of life if one wasn’t careful. The program team didn’t wish to see this sort of situation.

The program team was still rather at ease on Fang Zhao’s end, just that these procedures had to be down to a tee.

During the time when Fang Zhao went for his medical examination, Great-grandfather and Great-grandmother Fang left the retirement facility and disappeared for a day before heading to Huangzhou and meeting with Fang Zhao.

When they met, Great-grandfather carefully handed a small pouch over to Fang Zhao.

“Your great-grandmother and I went over to the cemetery to get this. Make sure to wear it at all times and don’t lose it! This is highly sought after nowadays and it’s very effective!” If only they had the time, Great-grandfather would have dragged Fang Zhao over to pay his respects.

Fang Zhao: “…Right.”

After bringing the two old Fangs into a room to rest, Fang Zhao moved to the side and removed the paper wrapped around the item inside the pouch.

On it was the common saying “May the martyrs bless you” which Fang Zhou automatically interpreted as: Rely on yourself rather than on others.

“Sigh!”