Volume 4

Chapter 393 -  Superfanboy

Chapter 393: Superfanboy

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Inter-planetary Fund’s Meche Assis felt that he had taken on a thorny assignment. After considering many candidates, consulting with his superiors, and many discussions with Little Bear, Meche Assis called over his own son Danke Assis.

Having just returned home from boat races on the sea with his rowdy friends, Danke received a phone call from his father and was called over. He wondered what important matter was going on that required his father to call him so urgently. Danke hadn’t been stirring up trouble, and there hadn’t been any big matters at home.

Danke was pondering over the reason why his father had called him over as he arrived at the Inter-planetary Fund Headquarters. He stepped into the office belonging to Director General Meche Assis and saw a little kid dressed like a bear seated on the sofa. A thought immediately rose into his head.

Where did this kid come from?!

He swept a doubting gaze at his father before continuing to stare at the kid.

Meche Assis coughed lightly and introduced him. “This is Little Bear. Bring him around to have fun for a few days.”

Danke wasn’t happy. “Whose kid is this? How many days is ‘a few days’?”

Meche raised his hand at pointed upwards.

Danke’s pupils shrank and he sat straight, immediately dispelling his previously sloppy manner. His was excited. This was an assignment from the top brass. Wasn’t it just to bring a kid to have fun? He might not do for other stuff, but when it came to having fun, this was his specialty. Being given this assignment meant that the top brass had taken note of him. Perhaps he could enter the core management level even earlier. His siblings hadn’t even managed to squeeze in yet!

“Take him along for a week first. Bring him anywhere he wishes to go,” Meche said.

“Just one week? Not a problem!” Danke glanced at the little kid on the sofa watching him and accepted this assignment right away.

Meche had a complicated look as he watched his son. He opened his mouth to speak and then hesitated before finally saying, “Do… do your best.”

“Don’t worry. Isn’t it just having fun and making merry? I can arrange for that!”

“No, you don’t have to bother about food and drink. He will tell you if he wants anything. All you have to do is accompany him wherever he wants to have fun at. Don’t worry about anything else.” Meche exhorted him to take note of a few matters.

Although Danke had his suspicious, he knew that he shouldn’t probe more into matters concerning the upper echelons of the Inter-planetary Fund. If he asked around too much, perhaps he might not make it into the core management.

“Alright, understood!” Danke promised. “I will definitely complete the assignment!”

Danke walked over to the sofa. He bent down and flashed what he reckoned was his warmest smile. “Hello, I am Danke Assis. You are called Little Bear, right?”

Little Bear studied Danke for a bit before smiling innocently. “Hello Dan Dan.”

Danke: “…”

This kid isn’t lovable at all.

However, no matter what his first impression was, Danke had accepted this assignment. He picked up the luggage with a fierce looking bear head that his father had carried over before bring Little Bear out.

After entering a car, Danke asked, “Where shall we go to have fun first?”

“First, let’s fly once around Huangcheng.” Little Bear replied.

“Alright.” Danke wouldn’t even have any complaints even if they were to fly once around the entire Huangzhou, let alone just the capital city of Huangcheng. After all, there would definitely be benefits for doing so. He would treat this little kid belonging to some great leader just like how he would treat his ancestors.

Meche stood at the window of his office as he watched a flashy flying car rise and fly into the distance. He sighed and wondered how many days his son would be able to handle this superintelligence for.

Two days later.

Meche was looking through some documents when he heard that Danke was looking for him. He wasn’t too astonished and told his assistant to send Danke in.

“Father——”Danke dragged his voice in a miserable manner when he entered. He knelt down and hugged Meche’s thigh. “You are my own father!”

There was a greenish bruise around one of his eyes. The word “B*stard” was written across his face and his delicately arranged bangs was a mess. Danke’s eyes were also shimmering with tears.

Danke took one look and sighed. “Tell me the truth.”

Danke exhaled and pointed to the words on his face. “I lost in a game.”

He then pointed to his eye with the bruise. “My tone was a little unpleasant when I was shaken awake, so I got hit. Father, how old is this kid? His strength is really off the charts!”

He had been beat in a game and had even lost in terms of strength to a kid. This was really the first time Danke had ever suffered such a heavy blow.

Meche knew his own son best and knew that Danke’s words could only be believed to a certain extent. Danke was surely hit because he had lazed in bed and had put on an attitude while getting up.

Superintelligence could be used as a fighting weapon. Thus, Danke’s bruised eye couldn’t even be considered playing around.

Therefore, Meche only replied to Danke’s tearful complaints with a heartless, “Oh” followed by, “Since you can’t accomplish this assignment, I will just hand it to someone else…”

“Don’t!” Danke blurted out hurriedly. He didn’t really want to give up on this assignment. He had only come over to let his father and the Inter-planetary Fund leaders know that this little kid was a handful as well as to let them know how tough it was on him.

“Dad, is that really from the great leader’s family?” Danke asked in a hush tone.

“Mmm.” Meche nodded.

“Kids of the great leader’s family are really extraordinary.” Danke put on a serious expression, stood up, and smoothed his messy hair. “Don’t you worry, I can still persevere!”

“With these acting skills, even if you don’t get into the core management, you can still try your hand in acting.” Meche said with a wooden face.

“Hehe.” Danke giggled as he jumped up and loosened his arms. “I will be heading back first. I have given the broadcast video platform’s account to that little kid to watch serials. He likes ‘Founding Era’. The full series should be able to keep him busy for quite a long time.”

The moment he had mentioned the full series of “Founding Era”, Danke had felt that his own resourcefulness deserved to be praised.

How am I so smart!

He reckoned that the little kid wouldn’t have even completed watching a chapter by the time this assignment was over!

“Don’t imagine him being too simple! You… do your best.” Meche emphasized once more.

“Hey, don’t you worry!”

Danke waved his hands and hurried back. He had taken the opportunity to come over and show his presence while that bear child was watching the serial. However, when he returned home, Danke realized that this bear child’s speed at watching serials was a little too fast.

When Danke had left, the kid had been watching the “Founding Era Xizhou Chapter”. How had it become the “Yanzhou Chapter” when he got back?

Hadn’t he been gone for only an hour?

He took a look at Little Bear, who seemed like he was about to cry while watching the “Yanzhou Chapter”.

Danke changed to a pair of slippers before coming back to the room and saw that Little Bear’s eyes that had been teary and red had returned back to normal. There wasn’t any trace that he had been about to cry!

Danke was astonished.

So tears can really be stifled!

He suffered yet another blow. This little kid actually had better acting skills than him!

“Really well-acted!” Little Bear exclaimed.

“Of course, take a look at ‘Founding Era’s’ cast and crew! Oh right, Little Bear, after watching so many episodes, who is your favorite actor or actress?” Danke returned back to the moment and asked.

“Fang Zhao!”

“Fang Zhao? Why?”

“Real!”

“Sss, aren’t actors all acting? How can that be real?”

“Then his acting is the most realistic.”

“What does a kid know about being real or not?”

“I want his autograph!”

“Don’t have it… I will help you purchase one online.”

“I want to take a photograph with him!”

“He is on a foreign planet filming and can’t return… Why? Have you learned from others to chase stars? Chasing stars will make you brainless!” Danke tried to frighten Little Bear.

“Oh, so you have chased stars before?” Little Bear asked.

“… What do you mean by that?!”

This brat is totally not adorable at all!!

Seeing that Little Bear wasn’t replying, Danke asked, “Will you be continuing to watch the series, or do you want to do something else?”

“Watch the series.”

“Alright, you go on watching. Call me if you need anything. There’s food in the refrigerator. Help yourself if you get hungry or thirsty. I will be returning to my room to catch up on some sleep first.”

Little Bear’s only raised his hand to wave Danke off, his eyes remaining fixated on the screen.

Danke returned to his room to shower and washed the markings off of his face. He applied some medicine to his bruised eye and took a nice afternoon nap. When he got up, he discovered the bear child watching a concert. A video of Fang Zhao’s concert.

Danke yawned and muttered to himself, “No longer binging the series. Kids sure are fickle.”

Danke was jolted awake by the shock he got when browsing through the history of his video broadcasting platform account. The full series comprising of every episode from each chapter of “Founding Era” had been completed. Even those edits and interviews had also been searched for and watched.

Danke took a look at the time. He double checked that he had only slept for two hours and not two months!

Danke wondered whether that kid had just fast-forwarded through the videos. Danke stretched his neck out to observe and saw that the bear kid was really watching the concert attentively and didn’t seem to have any intention to fast-forward. Thus, Danke left the projection room and sent his father a message.

[That bear kid is chasing stars now. Will that be a problem?]

Meche immediately returned with a video call.

“What’s going on?”

“It’s like this. Do you see? He is currently watching Fang Zhao’s concert video and even said that he wants Fang Zhao’s autograph and a photograph with Fang Zhao. I reckon that he will want to find Fang Zhao when he returns back from filming… Dad, what’s wrong?! He’s just chasing a star. Why does it seem like it scares you so…”

On the other end, Inter-planetary Fund Director General Meche Assis who had been entrusted with this important assignment turned pale and broke out in cold sweat. He didn’t reply to Danke’s question immediately and sent a message after ending the video call.

[Don’t let him get close to Fang Zhao during the assignment period! No, make him stay far away! Don’t let him get close!]

Meche was worried. Little Bear looked human, but he had the kernel of a superintelligence. Meche was worried that Fang Zhao’s ears would detect something if he were close enough.

Danke frowned when he received his father’s message. He studied the little figure in the projection room a few times.

“*

Cough*

, Little Bear, let’s change a star to chase. What do you think of that…”

“News just came out. Fang Zhao donated tens of billions to Bu Base,” Little Bear blurted out abruptly.

“WHAT?!”

Danke was so stunned by this news that he totally forgot what he wanted to say. After searching online, Danke discovered that this news was true, and various authoritative media outlets had already reported on it. There were two news items regarding Bu Base. One was that Bu Base would become the third strategic military location and that the planet was being sealed for decelopments. The second was that Fang Zhao had donated the entirety of his monetary reward for the Alkaid’s discovery to Bu Base.

“Is this person stupid? Is he soft in the head?”

The monetary reward was so much, and he donated every single cent to Planet Bu? Couldn’t he exchange it for something more valuable?

Danke just couldn’t understand. Was it worth it?

At the same time in Yanzhou’s Yanbei retirement facility, Great-grandfather Fang had also seen this news. His hand twirling the walnuts trembled. His lips quivered and his mind was filled with thoughts that Little Zhao had been pressured and swindled.

Great-grandfather Fang, who chose to be mindlessly biased, cried, “My Little Zhao has surely been wronged!”

He has been tremendously wronged!

Bad intentions! They all have bad intentions!!