Volume 4

Chapter 394 - Crazy Test-Loving Monster

Chapter 394: Crazy Test-Loving Monster

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Great-grandfather Fang wasn’t the only one who thought this way. The first thought that came to many people’s minds when they first saw the news was whether there were any behind-the-scenes deals.

Otherwise who would so readily give away tens of billions that were recently acquired?

This was tens of billions. How many things could be bought with that sum?

Besides, Fang Zhao’s primary status currently was an artist. What was the point of donating so much money to Bu Base for construction? Firstly, he wouldn’t receive any additional rights and secondly, his rank also wouldn’t rise. What exactly was he scheming? Shouldn’t he set aside a certain portion for himself?

However, no matter what people thought in private, the various authoritative media outlets were very willing to report on this news. They needed to shine the light on this exemplar model.

Take a look at how others are so enlightened!

Was this something that most people could do? The Internet was abuzz with discussions.

On Planet Bu.

The black ball “Little Riches” had been returned. Inter-planetary Fund personnel had come knocking when they had seen the new episode of the variety program.

Fang Zhao didn’t say much and had returned the black ball.

Without anything to play with, Curly Hair searched for toys in the desert. His targets were all sorts of lively creatures in the desert. After playing with them for a while, Curly Hair would secretly eat them up.

In the period that followed, besides filming, composing, and working on his thesis, Fang Zhao also applied for piloting credentials for various fighter aircrafts, military flying transports, armored tanks, and other such vehicles. Back when they were filming on board the Alkaid, Fang Zhao had been very interested in the piloting system of the Alkaid. However, given his current status, he was unable to apply for this grade of piloting credentials.

Despite his contributions as well as repeated donations, Fang Zhao’s rank wasn’t promoted, but his meritorious service was remembered. Thus, the auditing for Fang Zhao’s applications were put through a fast track and those that could be done were released within an hour. Following that, Fang Zhao would find time to attend related theory lessons with soldiers from the base as well as practical piloting lessons.

Bu Base personnel found out that whether it was theory or practical applications, Fang Zhao picked things up extremely quickly!

Other people saw that Fang Zhao was talented in these aspects, but the reality was that Fang Zhao had experienced a lot during the Period of Destruction. Back then, things weren’t so advanced, and smart systems weren’t so ubiquitous. . Back then, credentials and applications weren’t needed. Those with ability would just do it, and those without ability had to force themselves to do it in order to survive. Human potential was harshly extracted in this way.

However, other people didn’t know this. Bu Base Commanding Officer Flemington lamented many times, “It’s too much of a pity. A talent like Fang Zhao should stay in the military and develop instead of being an artist!

A waste of talent!!

The three salted fishes Nanfeng, Zuo Yu, and Yan Biao watched impatiently as Fang Zhao took all sorts of driving and piloting licenses. They had also applied for these; however, the auditing was slow and they encountered many morerestrictions.

1

Yan Biao said enviously as yet another squadron of fighter crafts flew by, “Back then, we weren’t so privileged on Planet Baiji, so I was never able to touch these models. By the time Planet Baiji developed, I had already been discharged. I never imagined a day where I would come so close to these new models.”

“We should get word of our applications within these two days. However, we surely won’t receive as much clearance as Boss,” Nanfeng said. Different models of military flying transports and fighter crafts had different piloting setups. The military would differentiate it even more meticulously and the audit would be stricter.

Zuo Yu thought of something. “Our boss takes the tests for all these various credentials here, so shouldn’t Bu Base be the issuing party?”

“Bu Base will become the third strategic military location in the future. The issued credentials’ worth will increase with Bu Base’s development. This cannot be compared to ordinary private and commercial licenses!”

After a substantial silence, the three spoke in unison, “I’m so envious!”

“How many licenses has our boss obtained up to now?” Nanfeng asked.

“The seventh was just received today.” Yan Biao remembered this clearly.

“Say, how many do you think boss will have once the program filming is completed?”

“There are no limits to taking tests. Our boss is addicted to earning licenses. I even saw him perusing a book on engines. Will he try for a technician license?”

“What a crazy test-loving monster!”

Nanfeng decided how he would introduce his boss to people in future. “My boss is an artist that is fond of taking tests!

As for now… better to walk the dog first.

After Fang Zhao got down after a round of flying, he was stopped by Flemington for a chat.

Recently, Flemington was in high spirits and glowed with vigor. He was excited that Bu Base being built into the third strategic military location. He also didn’t want to be transferred away and would fight to the bitter end if anyone tried to transfer him away!

This was the third strategic military location!

At that time, the big boss here… wouldn’t be him. However, his position wouldn’t be low either! He would wield even more authority and power at that time!

Flemington was satisfied with everything else except Fang Zhao here. Flemington wanted to convince Fang Zhao to stay here and develop. As the incumbent base Commanding Officer, he still had power, but Fang Zhao rejected him.

Having seen the exceptional results of Fang Zhao’s piloting practices, Flemington persisted and personally came to try to convince him.

Flemington drew a circle in the air. “In the future, an experimental flight center will be built here. Countless new models of fighter aircrafts and flying transports will take off and land here… Construction for the new spaceport has already started… and at that side…”

Flemington brought Fang Zhao to see the desert and the sky; he talked about life and ideals from fighter aircrafts armaments to spaceships, all in a bid to sway Fang Zhao to join the base.

However, Fang Zhao’s dedication to music was still unchanged.

Having discussed so much with Fang Zhao, Flemington felt that this youngster really had great skill and strategy.

A talent! How can he think about being a music artist?!

It’s too much of a waste!

There were people who couldn’t become winners even with 10 golden fingers. And there were some that would soar through the clouds with just one opportunity. In Flemington’s eyes, Fang Zhao was of the latter sort. Unfortunately his ambitions laid elsewhere.

Flemington sighed as he walked and sat on a rock that had been eroded by the wind into a bizarre shape. As he watched the sand flying afar, Flemington asked, “Fang Zhao, what are your feelings about this trip to Planet Bu? What is it that you think is the most fortunate about this trip?”

Flemington imagined that Fang Zhao would say that it was the monetary reward of the Alkaid.

Fang Zhao smiled. “Living. I still don’t know what marvels the future holds.”

While speaking, Fang Zhao received a notification about internet access time. As internet access time wasn’t fixed because Planet Bu’s construction projects constantly changed,, the program team only got internet access when they received the notification. The duration wasn’t very long either.

Naturally, since Fang Zhao had received the notification, Zaro and the others had received it too.

Fang Zhao watched as the few of them who had been looking for entertainment outside scrambled over to the base soldiers to borrow cars.

Flemington could only shake his head as he observed them. “This bunch is really…”

“Really lively.” Fang Zhao finished.

Flemington: “…”

Lively? Then so be it.

Fang Zhao got up to take his leave and also returned to the base. He wanted to speak to Great-grandfather and Great-grandmother Fang when there was internet access. Otherwise, the two elder Fangs would surely be worried.

Elsewhere, Zaro and the others immediately got down to business the moment they received the notification for internet access. Now, Planet Bu was very busy throughout and all the flying transports were in use, so they couldn’t rent any. All they could borrow were cars, and the ones available weren’t very good either. Alternatively, they could wait for the program team’s large car to pick them up, but that would require at least half an hour more.

Since they were so eager to head online, that half hour that could be saved was really precious!

Barbara borrowed a small-sized desert buggy used for patrolling from a team of soldiers and got her assistant to hurry and drive off.

Zaro and the others who were slightly behind were met with an unfeeling “No.”

Woo Tianhao stomped his feet! “Damn it! Isn’t this sexual discrimination?!”

Zaro was furious. “Barbara surely seduced them!”

Mitisy went up to reason with them, but the soldiers had looks of helplessness. “There really isn’t any more. Our team is only able to lend out that one car. We just loaned it out to whoever came first.”

What this meant was—

You can only blame yourself for being slow! There aren’t anymore cars!

Zaro, who had been close by but hadn’t been able to run faster than Barbara: “…”

Pissed!

Mitisy, who could run fast but had been quite a distance away: “…”

Gloomy!

Woo Tianhao, who had been having too much fun that he forgot to react in time: “…”

Sullen!

“How about you all try asking other teams?” That soldier suggested.

Zaro turned around, wanting to look for another squad of soldiers when he realized that Mitisy and Woo Tianhao had already started to sprint after the dune buggy that Barbara was on. It had only just started and hadn’t yet picked up speed. The two of them ran quickly and forced out Barbara’s assistant and bodyguard when they caught up, taking their places. Woo Tianhao was driving with Barbara in the front passenger seat and Mitisy in the rear trunk area.

Zaro, who had been left behind. “…”

This plastic brotherhood had simply been unable to even withstand a single blow at this time.

Zaro looked around him and his eyes glowed. He started running and waving his hands frantically. “Fang Zhao! Take me!”

Nanfeng and the other two bodyguards occupied one dune buggy. On Fang Zhao’s end, he was in the driver’s seat while Curly Hair sat in the front passenger seat. The rear compartment was still empty. Zaro had wanted to sit in the front passenger seat, but when he saw Curly Hair bare his teeth, Zaro hesitated before turning and heading to the rear compartment.

“Fasten your seatbelt!” Fang Zhao said.

“There aren’t any seatbelts…” Zaro looked around. He saw a rope for fastening goods and tied it around himself. “Done!”

Fang Zhao shook his head and smiled. He tossed a helmet to Zaro in case the wind and sand damaged his brain.

When they got back to the base, Fang Zhao first sent Great-grandfather Fang a call request.

Because of new guidelines, the program team members were not allowed to use video projection and other methods for online calls to their friends and relatives. Only voice calls were allowed. Great-grandfather Fang expressed his understanding towards these rules. Due to Planet Bu’s plans to become the third strategic military location, the entire planet was going through a closed-off period and the degree of confidentiality was raised. Thus, voice calls were implemented to prevent the program team from inadvertently leaking too much.

Of course, this wasn’t what Great-grandfather Fang focused on.

“Little Zhao, tell me. Who over there has wronged you?” Great-grandfather Fang was worried that Bu Base personnel had employed some schemes and that Fang Zhao was being bullied.

When Great-grandfather Fang spoke with Fang Zhao over the call, other retired veterans of the facility came to visit in succession. There were some who were worried, some who came to join in the fun, and even some who were bored and wanted to find something to do. They were still chatting as they entered, and upon knowing that Great-grandfather Fang was current speaking with Fang Zhao, they ceased their chatter and their ears pricked up. They were also very curious as to what Fang Zhao was currently thinking.

The worry on Great-grandfather Fang’s face lessened when he heard Fang Zhao’s explanation.

“Really? You have already gotten the license for so many fighter aircrafts? Hey, do you have—whatever that’s called—over there?” Great-grandfather Fang rattled off the names of new model fighter aircraft that had recently been reported in military news.

Fang Zhao said that he had tried out two among those new models. And because Planet Bu was still in a developmental phase, there were less types of aircrafts and transports there. Fang Zhao first started with the licenses that were available. .

Knowing that Fang Zhao was obtaining all sorts of licenses and learning that Fang Zhao had flown new models of fighter aircraft, the sides of Great-grandfather Fang’s lips continuously curled upwards.

“Good good good… you even got to pilot a submarine? Not bad, not bad… right, and those new models of combat equipment? In the future, they will all be moved to Planet Bu. Even if you can’t get the qualifications for those, you can try your hand at whatever is available… You can’t get a pilot license for a warship? It doesn’t matter. There’s no rush. Take it step by step…”

The other old fogies that were watching Great-grandfather Fang talk about various firearms, fighter aircraft, and submarines felt their hearts itch. From what they saw, Fang Zhao’s donations actually brought about quite some benefits. Fang Zhao’s applications for credentials would surely be approved quicker.

Great-grandfather was beaming. Nobody knew what Fang Zhao was saying, but Great-grandfather Fang nodded his head continuously. “You haven’t done anything wrong. So be it if you donate. We also can’t have have any peace of mind when spending all that easy money. Being able to get all those credentials is more than worth it already.”

Great-grandfather Fang almost seemed like a robot with how he approved and nodded his head at everything Fang Zhao said. As for the massive monetary reward, he just treated it as though a large gust of wind had blown past and had swept all the money away.

“Take more photographs… Oh, you can’t randomly take photos now? Alright, I feel way more at ease knowing that you weren’t being bullied over there!”

Great-grandfather Fang only reluctantly handled the communications device to Great-grandmother Fang after exhorting him a little more. After that, he turned around, wanting to find targets to share Fang Zhao’s accomplishment with. “Hey Old Li, let me tell you guys… where’s everyone?”

The living room that was filled with people moments ago was now completely empty.