Volume 4

Chapter 398 - Don't Worry Elder Nephew

Chapter 398: Don’t Worry Elder Nephew

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Fang Zhao was reading through an information sheet distributed by the organizers. On it were various arrangements and things to note. As he was reading, the golden-haired Chu Bo made his way over.

Nanfeng glanced at Fang Zhao, and seeing him incline his head slightly, Nanfeng vacated his seat for Chu Bo.

“Fang Zhao, I have heard many things about you! I had really hoped to meet you at the banquet that Zaro hosted, but unfortunately you didn’t have the time.”

“I know you, Chu Bo.” Fang Zhao smiled.

Chu bo’s smile widened when he noticed Fang Zhao didn’t display any intention to keep his distance. After sitting down, Chu Bo started to chat animatedly with Fang Zhao. He even asked about the qualifications Fang Zhao had taken on Planet Bu. Chu Bo had learned from Zaro that Fang Zhao’s qualifications were real, and furthermore, he had obtained even more certificates that could be obtained through official means. Chu Bo was rather interested in it.

10 minutes later, Chu Bo’s arm was around Fang Zhao like they were a couple of brothers enjoying some banter. The former cemetery guard was panicking and hurriedly sent a message to Chu Bo’s manager.

Chu Bo’s manager was also from the Chu family, but he had gone somewhere else to discuss a collaboration and wasn’t here.

As the setting wasn’t right, Chu Bo didn’t ask Fang Zhao about his military service back on Planet Baiji. However, he had heard quite a bit from others, and with what he learned while chatting with Fang Zhao, he knew that around 90% of the things he had heard about Fang Zhao was probably true. There was the part about discovering ore and the part about fighting off terrorists.

Chu Bo respected this sort of person. He knew that his own operational abilities were limited and could only attack terrorists with his mouth. Even then, his family still admonished him.

Since this was the venue for the Star Cup victory ceremony and there were other people around, it wasn’t right for Chu Bo to ask too much about things that happened in the military. Noticing that Fang Zhao didn’t get annoyed and didn’t intend on leaving, Chu Bo continued and asked, “What have you decided on performing for tomorrow’s Star Cup victory ceremony?”

“I will be performing a song live for them. Probably guitar or piano.” Fang Zhao replied.

Upon hearing what Fang Zhao said, Chu Bo got excited and immediately blurted out, “Want to collaborate?” He had said this to sound out and observe Fang Zhao’s expression.

“How do we collaborate?” Fang Zhao asked.

“Pick one of your works, you play it, and I will sing it on the spot. You don’t have to worry about it, I can sing.” Chu Bo wasn’t bragging. He was really an expert at improvisation.

Fang Zhao considered for a bit. Just as Chu Bo assumed that Fang Zhao was going to reject the idea, Fang Zhao replied, “Select a song of yours.”

Chu Bo paused. The bright and radiant smile of his became even more sincere.

“Then let us sing together!” Chu Bo enthused.

“No need. You sing and I will do the accompaniment.” Fang Zhao had seen some of Chu Bo’s concert. He wasn’t suited to Chu Bo’s style and would only be interfering if he tried to mix it up.

“This… this…” Chu Bo rubbed his hands. “Let’s have a proper discussion after the meeting.”

“Sure.”

“Right! It’s settled then!”

Chu Bo returned to his own seat when he saw that the organizers were all present. However, Chu Bo didn’t really listen to those formal talks. It was always the same every time, and he knew what they were going to say either way. Right now, his mind was completely filled with thoughts about the collaboration. He would be performing together with Fang Zhao on the same stage! Just thinking about it made him excited.

Chu Bo rarely performed on the same stage with others. He wasn’t able to get along with other special guests when invited to participate in programs. Neither did he have many friends he was on good terms with. It was reasonable to say that the descendants of the Great Generals would have no lack of people trying to curry favor by their side. For example, Zaro and Woo Tianhao were always surrounded by all sorts of characters and had a bunch of scoundrel friends. However, Chu Bo was different because of his mouth that frequently stirred up trouble. Many people were afraid of getting implicated. After the rumors about him being a target for assassination surfaced, there were even fewer people who wanted to get close to him.

Zaro and the others didn’t mind, but others didn’t necessarily think so.

Therefore, when Chu Bo had suggested collaborating, he only had the intent to sound out Fang Zhao. He worried that Fang Zhao didn’t understand the circumstances or that there was perhaps a misunderstanding. But with how things were, it seemed that Fang Zhao wasn’t the sort that was afraid of trouble.

Chu Bo was delighted to make a new friend who was someone he thought very highly off.

After the organizer’s meeting ended, Chu Bo dragged Fang Zhao to his place. He had his own place in Huangcheng which had been renovated to fit in a recording studio.

Chu Bo selected over ten of his own works he felt satisfied with. Fang Zhao selected three from them and said, “These three are fine. These are appropriate for Star Cup’s stage.”

“Then which one do we perform?” Chu Bo asked.

“The organizing committee gave us a slightly longer time for our performance. We can perform all three together.”

“A medley!” Chu Bo understood what Fang Zhao meant. “That is a great idea! However, we have to modify it a little.”

The two were both professionals. Fang Zhao was strong in composing and arrangement while Chu Bo wasn’t weak either. These modifications weren’t difficult at all.

Because they still had to discuss about the collab performance, Chu Bo let Fang Zhao and his bodyguards stay here to rest.

“Boss, do you want me to go back and take a look? Curly Hair is still at home.” Nanfeng was worried about Curly Hair who had been left at Fang Zhao’s dormitory back at Huang Art.

“No need, there’s the automatic feeding machine.”

Although this was what he said, Fang Zhao still sent a voice message back to his dormitory. He just needed to let Curly Hair know why he wasn’t returning to the dormitory today, and he wanted to confirm that there was no need to send anyone over. Curly Hair would surely have his fill gaming through the night.

Early next morning, Chu Bo’s manager came over.

“This is my manager and also my elder nephew, Chu Yang.” Chu Bo introduced.

Chu Yang was slightly older than Chu Bo and was also from the Chu family. However, his seniority in terms of generation was lower than Chu Bo, so Chu Bo addressed him as “elder nephew”.

Chu Yang appeared rather steady. After greeting Fang Zhao and his group, he took a look at the repertoire for Chu Bo and Fang Zhao’s collab performance. He seemed rather satisfied. There shouldn’t be any trouble if they stuck to this, as it wouldn’t be easy for Chu Bo to let fly when he started singing this.

There was no choice; he had to be worried. As Chu Bo’s manager, Chu Yang was worried that Chu Bo would let fly on a stage like Star Cup which would cause his arrangements for later plans to fail.

When they got to the Star Cup victory ceremony venue, Fang Zhao saw Zaro.

Zaro definitely wouldn’t pass by an opportunity to get in on the fun at this sort of occasion. He hadn’t been invited, but he donated a laboratory to the organizers and obtained a spot at this event.

It wasn’t time to start yet, so Zaro was at the resting lounge chatting with Chu Bo and Fang Zhao.

“Bobo, I went back and listened to those songs you recommended. Those were rather engaging. I also used to listen to this before. Our continent has Aleksy, whose style similar to yours.”

Chu Bo appeared as though he had been dealt a huge slap to his face. “Our styles are clearly different! Aleksy mainly sings nu metal. Although I also sing nu metal, my style is more diverse. Besides, Aleksy’s songs are wilder and more extreme…”

Chu Bo went on and rambled a whole list of his differences with Aleksy from musical style to lyrics and even the core of the songs. After he was done talking, Zaro still had a foolish look on his face.

Sighing deeply, Chu Bo pondered for a bit before saying, “Simply put, we are both attacking others. My songs are ‘Come at me bro! Bring it on if you have the guts!’ whereas Aleksy’s ones are ‘I will bring you to hell along with me! Oh yeah!'”

Zaro clasped his hands together. “Oh, got it!”

Fang Zhao smiled while watching them from the side.

Fang Zhao also knew about that Leizhou singer Aleksy that Zaro was talking about. He also sang nu metal, and his songs were also rather wild. Chu Bo’s songs were wild and crazy with the purpose of making things better whereas Aleksy’s were wild and about destruction. The cores of their music were different. However, those who didn’t like taking a more in-depth look at the lyrics, wouldn’t be able to hear much of a difference, especially for people like Zaro who weren’t really interested.

As they were chatting, Chu Yang came in. As a manager, he was even more anxious than Chu Bo.

Seeing the others in the lounge, Chu Yang gestured with his finger indicating that he wanted to speak with Chu Bo in the next room.

“You guys chat first. My elder nephew needs me.” Chu Bo got up to leave.

Seeing Chu Bo head over, Zaro tiptoed over and placed his ear on the door of the next room, trying to eavesdrop. He even waved his hands at Fang Zhao and mouthed silently, “Come over and listen together!”

Fang Zhao smiled and shook his head. He didn’t need to.

In the adjacent room.

Chu Yang told Chu Bo about the results of him heading all over these few days.

As Chu Bo really liked to shoot his mouth off when he was really immersed in singing, the lead of the cultural departments of various continents were prohibiting his live concerts.

Out of the twelve continents, nine didn’t allow Chu Bo to hold live concerts there.

If you can’t watch your mouth, you won’t be shown any face.

However, if Chu Bo wanted to increase his global reputation, he still had to think of ways to perform worldwide. This would be just like gaining experience and qualifications in the music circles. Being popular online didn’t really account for much. So what if he was very popular among secondary school students? Weren’t others from the same industry laughing behind his back? Just like how Fang Zhao had also needed to use the methods of holding concerts, Chu Bo also needed to have live performances to progress.

Chu Yang had already negotiated with some partners. As long as Chu Bo’s performance at the Star Cup victory ceremony was good, they would be accommodating.

“Mmhm, I understand.” Chu Bo nodded indicating that he knew. He exclaimed excitedly, “For this collab with Fang Zhao, we have picked three popular songs for a medley! We rehearsed yesterday and it turned out really well! This Fang Zhao is really something. No wonder he could get into the fabled god-level advanced course…”

“Chu Bo!”

“What? I haven’t finished talking.”

“Do you remember what I said?”

“You said… Oh! Watch my mouth! Watch my mouth! Watch my mouth! I remember!” Chu Bo made successive pledges.

Chu Yang placed his arms on Chu Bo’s shoulders and stared into his eyes before flashing an encouraging smile. He said gently, “I don’t care whether you are singing your medley or whatever, just make sure you perform properly. If you don’t learn this time, after the victory ceremony concludes…”

“… Elder nephew?”

“I will turn you into barbecued pork.”

Chu Bo: “…”

Under Chu Yang’s rather pressuring gaze, Chu Bo solemnly said, “Don’t worry, elder nephew!”